Which former referee served as an analyst for CBS?	The sculpture of Amida Nyorai that is included in the V&A's Japanese art collection is dated to which century?	What motivation is opportunity-based entrepreneurship driven by?	Which theory of Einstein's did Tesla speak critically toward?	Thomas de Maiziere serves what role in the German cabinet?	What was the Brazilian French colony called?	What story of little truth is a pillar of history?	In what year was the ordination order of transitional deacon abolished?	How many of the fifteen points of discussion were agreed on?	What do chloroplasts in mesophyll cells specialized use to make ATP?	What equals the spring reaction force on an object suspended on a spring reaction scale? 	What year was the only film version of Doctor Who shown?	What was the name of the 2010 Christmas special?	When did Mongke Khan die?	What is formed when a phagosome fuses with a lysosome?	What type of impact can the residents of Newcastle expect the city's noise to have on them?	What is the record number of touchdowns Cam Newton has had? 	What is an important personal decision for civil disobedients?	Which of ABC's main production facilities is located in Hollywood, CA?	What is a hermaphrodite?	What is used to figure the relative strengh of gravity?	What distinguishes stromal thylakoids?	What prompted Shen Kuo to believe the land was formed by erosion of the mountains?	Who said chloroplasts are similar to cyanobacteria?	What is the throat called?	What should be the main goal of not using punishment in a just system?	How many paid holiday days does the Working Time directive require workers to have each year?	Petrologists identify rock samples in the field and where else? 	Who were the Super Bowl 50 sideline announcers?	What natural resources did the Chinese government have a monopoly on?	How did Luther describe his learning at the university?	What was Tesla on his way to do when he was struck by the cab?	In March 2007, the Mission Council of the South Central jurisdiction approved a 99-year lease on how many acres?	When was Thoreau's essay published?	During what type of climate is oxygen 18 in seawater at higher levels?	Which direction did Romans use to drift through the Rhine?	What will concentrated oxygen greatly speed up?	What do concentric unstacked thylakoids surround?	How many refugees emigrated to the Dutch Republic?	Who did Carolina beat in the divisional round?	Who appoints elders?	How far do the wildebeest migrate searching for food and water?	What does the Islamic State lack from the international community?	What molecules are parts of the body of an organism in immunology?	What famous English physicist and mathematician was depicted in the main bronze door entrance of the museum?	How much was BSkyB going to pay for the Primier League rights?	When was Scotland invaded by William?	In what city is WBT-FM located?	In what month and year was the revised Manual of Regulations for Private Schools released?	Where was ITV Tyne Tees based for over 40 years?	What did mlolongo system lead to?	Hank Paulson is the former Chairman and CEO of what banking firm?	For what purpose do organisms make peroxide and superoxide?	How much of Paris' population was killed by the plague?	How much older was Manning than Newton during Super Bowl 50?	What is the escape of the steam unlikely to accomplish in all but the smallest boilers?	What are the molecular inputs for photosynthesis?	Along with one veteran, what other two types of crew could be included in lieu of veterans after the successful landings of Apollo 11 and 12?	Who provided a philosophical discussion of force?	In which regions in particular did Genghis Khan's armies massacre civilians?	Who did Tesla refuse to see following the accident?	What is the oncorhynchus also called?	What author did Tesla credit for his recovery?	When does photorespiration happen?	Why did they teach them to grow peas?	When was this edict declared?	What did historians do in the absence of census figures?	How many research centers does the university run on campus?	What was Frensh military presence at start of war?	What language does "hoy" originate from?	What is the goal of individual civil disobedience?	Which TEFU article states that no quantitative restrictions can be placed on trade?	What civilization was the first known to clearly study prime numbers?	In what way did Lavoisier see that the tin he used in his experiment had increased?	Tesla's induction motor and transformer was licensed by whom?	For whom was Luther concerned about in Mansfeld?	What does co-teaching get the students to focus on?	What award has Marlee Matlin won?	What is reduced by using plastid transformation for gene modification?	What happens when a person's capabilities aer lowered, as it relates to their income?	What is the equality of forces between two objects exerting force on each other??	With whom are teachers required to register?	What is the name of another algorithm useful for conveniently testing the primality of large numbers? 	What did the Church do when Luther refused to retract his writings?	How large are Chloroplast ribosomes?	What molecules are recognized as foreign by the immune system?	Where did Old Briton call home?	Who was Al-Banna's assassination a retaliation for the prior assassination of?	What theatre was the best example of "Polish monumental theatre"?	What was Phillips official title for NASA?	What does chloroplastidan mean?	What Egyptologist was also apart of the university's faculty?	What does rhodophyte mean?	In what sort of places are dry cooling towers used?	Who has limited productive potential when faced with less access to education?	What kind of T cells kill cells that are infected with pathogens?	When is the Members Debate held?	When did the Syrian Civil War begin?	How long was the Summer Theatre in operation?	Which of Temüjin's brothers took up the role of male leader of the family?	What is another name for being born again?	What does the immune system protect against?	What action by Luther added to antisemitism in Germany?	Where do Ctenophora live?	In which year were Rodin's works given to the V&A?	Which series were featured on the first Doctor Who soundtrack?	Since what year has the UMC been exploring a possible merger with three historically African-American denominations?	How are nuclear forces transmitted?	Western governments considered Islamists to be the lesser of two evils when compared to whom?	What did Jamukha request from Temüjin instead of friendship?	Who is the mayor of San Francisco?	What shape are pyrenoids?	Where is the oldest known rock in the world located?	What is the name of the stadium in San Francisco Bay Area?	When was this naturalization act passed?	The immune system also produces what molecules in order to allow for tumor destruction by the complement system?	What is the name of Harvard's basketball facility?	How many passing yards did Cam Newton get for his 4 of 4 passes?	How much is the sieve method of gas production used?	How was the Dutch name for the Rhine originally spelled? 	Where does the proportion of shared and converted houses in 2011 put this dwelling type in the color-coded brackets?	What was Tesla's idea regarding Earth?	What will the number "50" be plated with? 	When dating rocks, what is the absolute isotopic date applied to?	In order to better understand the orientations of faults and folds, structural geologists do what with measurements of geological structures?	How many times did Luther preach in Halle in 1545 and 1546?	What may cause "motivational embellishment"?	What is Durinskia's chloroplast?	What type of surveys show the location of stratigraphic units in the subsurface?	What manner of words does Mullet think Luther would choose?	What was the name given to the undergraduate college's liberal-arts curriculum?	On where are most tourist attractions focused in Victoria?	At which level of education is this sport becoming more popular?	What issue has been plaguing the civil disobedience movement.	What goods were sold in a pharma?	By 1544 what did Luther have to deal with in his health?	What is the process by which pathogens evade the immune system by hiding inside the host cells called?	What countries are used as an example of harsher discipline with successful education?	What is the ABC affiliate that serves Lima, Ohio?	How much of the population is Hindu?	What religion were the Normans	What even is the earliest known reference to immunity?	Who became the first African Americans ordained by the Methodist Church?	What did Martin's father view his entering the cloister as a waste of?	Gandhi often referenced Shelley's poem in his efforts to do what? 	How many Victorians are non-religious?	How many times has Polonia won the cup?	What are the two integer responses to a decision problem?	Which Florida venue was one of three considered for Super Bowl 50?	How well did the Mongol Emperors know Chinese?	What could the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program purchase?	What is an underbid?	How and when did the first variant of y. pestis enter Europe?	What television specials did ABC acquire the rights to in 2000?	What is the first major city in the course of the Rhine?	In what Super Bowl did Rivera play?	The Mitchell Tower is designed to look like what Oxford tower?	What did Iqbal's Allahabad address inspire?	What played during the closing credits of the Doctor Who episodes?	Where did French fur trappers travel?	How old was Toghun Temur when he became emperor?	Where was the Baltimore Christmas Conference of 1784 held?	Which famous Indian practiced civil disobedience?	What did Virgin Media concentrate on instead of offering linear channels?	What team did the Denver Broncos play in  Super Bowl XXXIII?	When was Japan accepted as an Arab-friendly state?	When did Khan establish the Great Yuan?	What occurs when electron clouds overlap from different atoms?	Where do scientists think all of the plagues originated from?	What prohibits atoms from passing through each other?	What was required of Huguenot children after the Edict was revoked?	What type of venue is the Teatr Wielki?	What does man's justification depend on in faith?	Vetra and I Germanica and XX Valeria were the two legions for what?	When did Martin Luther protest the sale of indulgences to his bishop?	Many organizations have recently called for broader acceptance of which community?	When was the first measurement of the value of the Newton Universal Gravitation Constant?	How many segments did the special originally have?	What is a main tributary to the Rhine that goes through Northeastern France and part of Belgium?	How similar was the Lisbon Treaty to the constitutional treaty?	Which continents are represented in the V&A's textiles collection?	Upon learning of a French scounting party in the area, what did Washington do?	Who wanted Israel to withdraw from its border?	In what year did the FCC begin an investigation in to the operation of radio networks in America	Who established the amount of prime numbers in existence?	What has the lower rainfall in the Amazon during the LGM been attributed to?	Polynomial time reductions are an example of what?	Where does the Rhine begin? 	In which year did the Jameel Gallery of Islamic Art opened?	What co-receptor recruits molecules inside the T cell that are responsible for cell activation?	Where do platycenida live?	Why are researchers struggling to identify the history of the plague?	When was the Riemann hypothesis proposed?	What does the EU's legitimacy rest on?	What served as a justification for imposing imperialistic policies on certain peoples or regions?	Who is the president of TUMAS?	In which region tribe were large settlements discovered?	What responsibilities were pharmacy technicians formerly limited to?	What happened to the rate of deforestation in the Amazon region of Brazil between 2004 and 2014?	About what weather feature do paleoclimatologists want information ?	How many kgs of moon rocks did the program bring back?	Where did two leaders join hands and "give birth" to a new denomination?	What dynasty shared artistic inspiration with the Yuan?	What is the most frequently employed type of reduction?	What must a teacher show towards the course materials for increase learning?	When did Luther introduce the new worship?	For how long did Huguenots continue to use French names?	What is Jacksonville's hottest month on average?	The initial LM weighed how much in kgs?	How old was Manning when he played Super Bowl 50?	How much thrust was estimated for the translunar flight?	How many points did the Broncos score in the last three minutes of the game versus Pittsburgh?	Who voted on the venue for Super Bowl 50?	What impacts distribution of wealth when evaluating labor?	What season was it when Genghis Khan took Xiliang-fu from the Tanguts?	What has presented problems to the US economy more than other nations?	Along with private individuals and organizations, what groups sometimes runs ergänzungsschulen?	Near Chur, which direction does the Rhine turn? 	What did Luther expound to be greater than sin?	How far is Warsaw from the Baltic Sea?	When did Kenya obtain independence?	When did BSkyB announce it's intention to replace it's free-to-air digital channels?	In the article's title, what did the machine hope to end?	What profession does Zbigniew Badowski have?	In what year did Raymond Sullivan publish a study of rudimentary sets?	What took place in his lab in 1895, causing him to lose thousands of dollars of data and tools? 	Hormones can alter the sensitivity of the immune system, so they can be referred to as what?	Which university did Tesla audit in 1880?	What Governor in charge of New France died in 1752?	When did Wei Yilin die?	What is an additional meaning intended when the word prime is used?	How are the combs spaced?	What does the Sieve of Eratosthenes do?	Who recorded the theme played for season 18?	Who is the parent company of NDS?	Where is the lowest point of Warsaw located?	Why do some people chose to go to jail for their disobedience?	Which month is the first in the year Parliament takes a two week vacation?	Which region began to grow and assert itself in the 2000s?	What happened to the Apollo program in for the rest of 1970 after the incident regarding Apollo 13?	In what compound is oxygen part of a ring arrangement?	Why did Tesla want funds from Morgan?	Where does the name Rhine derive from? 	What are associated with normal forces?	By what document did the Huguenots confess their faith to the Portuguese in Brazil?	How can function problems typically be restated?	What might the Amazon forest become if it passes the tipping point and starts to die?	What are two complexity classes between L and P?	What is thought to have happened to the y. pestis that caused the black death?	What language other than English has the Scottish Parliament had meetings in?	What did Luther try to do for the Jews?	Imperialism is most often associated with which sovereignty?	In what year was Doctor Who rated the third greatest show of the 2000's?	What does civil disobedience protest against?	In some countries over how many steps can it take to build on government land?	What layers of a leaf have chloroplasts?	Which plateau is the left part of Warsaw on?	What can concentrated oxygen produce?	Who won Super Bowl XLIX?	When was this proclamation issued?	What year did Slayton select the first Apollo crew?	In the 1965-66 season, what place did ABC find it's self among the other networks in ratings?	What anitrust regulator had doubts about the ITT and ABC merger?	What types of work did the Han do in Central Asia?	Which full-sized model cars were not popular?	In what year was Irene Elizabeth Stroud convicted in a church trial?	What is the name of one algorithm useful for conveniently testing the primality of large numbers? 	When was the new two-year affiliate agreement approved?	Where were the Lambing Flat riots?	Female sex hormones are immunostimulators of which immune responses?	How much turbine power is consumed by the pump while the work fluid is condensed?	Who founded McKinsey & Company?	What football associated thing started at Justin Herman Plaza in January?	What memorial was built years after Genghis Khan's death and burial?	Mazda, Mitsubishi and Isuzu joined partnership with which American car company?	What is a descriptive term for a low-to-high energy bond?	How many courses must a local lay servant take?	When did the Rhine become borders with Francia?	What does it take a country with high inequality longer to achieve?	No appointment is official fixed until what occurs?	Why did the series end in 2011?	When did Europe slowly begin to warm up from the last Ice Age?	How much of the lake connecting with the Rhine can you see from the German islands?	What period opened the Tethys Ocean?	What famous snowbaorder lives in southern California?	How many chloroplasts are in stomatal guard cells?	In what year was Henry Ware elected to chair?	When did it retract to a inland formation?	When did Philip I convene an assembly to set doctrine in the Protestant states?	From what does photosynthesis get oxygen?	What year did Levi's Stadium become fully approved to host Super Bowl 50?	What did Luther add to his catechisms?	When do Plastoglobuli occur in linked groups?	Where was Tracy Wolfson announcing from during the Super Bowl 50 game?	What is important for a teacher to enjoy?	What did Tesla see during his strange illnesses when he was young?	How is the O2 molecule referred to in its ground state? 	What ethnic group located in Jacksonville is ranked tenth largest?	How much resources were French placing in North America?	Red ribbons in the logo were used to represent which division of ABC?	To what level would the polynomial time hierarchy collapse if graph isomorphism is NP-complete?	What do some people protest against?	What did Newton's mechanics affect?	The 1970s allowed which network to move in to first place in the ratings?	What is the average construction salary in the UK?	What are the Sky Q mini set top boxes able to connect to?	Of what material were the death rays pellets made?	What does most of the HD material use as a standard?	How many chloroplast lineages are there?	What former building is currently known as Grand 1401?	Which Mongolian president lauded Genghis Khan on the 850th anniversary of the conqueror's birth?	What were the papal legate's orders from the Pope?	When did the Jin dynasty begin?	In what year did Massachusetts first require children to be educated in schools?	What other two famous performers were part of the Super Bowl 50 halftime?	What cataloging system was used by the National Art Library from the 1980s to the 1990s?	What is one method of achieving aspirational consumption?	What Jacksonville community is known for having heavy ties to the Navy?	What city is near a major statue of Genghis Khan?	How many total touchdowns did Cam Newton score?	What is the nickname for the "Millennial Northern Hemisphere temperature reconstruction" graph?	What does the Zachęta National Gallery of Art organize exhibitions of art from?	What was the second meaning of a Chinese word for 'barracks'?	What percentage of German students attended private schools in 2008?	What does pumping water into the mesoglea do?	Who is in control of legislative power?	When was the sale of NBC Blue to Edward John Noble authorized?	What does the substitution of equipment for labor raise for workers?	ABC created what company as a syndication distributor in response to the FCC's fin-syn rules?	What will maidens be able to predict by floating their wreaths down the Vistula?	What has a negative influence over the US economy?	Which university has its origins in a school dealing with medicine and surgery?	What kind of data did ABC begin using in the 1970s to better target ads and programming for certain audiences?	When was Manning picked #1 in the NFL Draft?	What is the expression used to denote a worst case complexity as expressed by time taken?	Who funds the IPCC's Deputy Secretary?	The price of oil is usually a stable commodity until when?	How many Doctor Who Christmas Specials have been shown?	What was telenet 	How many yards did Denver have for Super Bowl 50?	How many sororities are apart of the university?	Why did France choose to give up continental lands?	How many touchdowns did Brock Osweiler throw in the season?	How many episodes were in The Daleks' Master Plan?	What did he light at his laboratories to demonstrate his wireless power transmission?	When did the British defeat New France?	Where is 97% of the population located?	What is the Victoria state bird?	Despite the Presburger problem, and in view of intractability, what has been done to establish solutions in reasonable periods of time?	How many astronauts visited space on missions and were rewarded for their efforts?	What is the force equivalent of torque compared to angular momentum?	What is Kenya doing to determine if there are more reserves?	When was 7 Lincoln Square completed?	How do ctenophores control buoyancy?	Who is elected to serve as the Presiding Officer at the beginning of each parliamentary session?	What type of numbers are always multiples of 2?	What type of education is home schooling?	How are Victorian cabinet members chosen?	What was the name of the character known as the Time Lady?	What radio network carried the Super Bowl?	What element did Gay-Lussac and von Humboldt discover was present in twice the amount of oxygen in water?	Who was the receiver on the successful 2-point conversion?	What is the chloroplast of Dinophysis?	What makes ctenophores different from all other animals?	How many divisions comprised Genghis Khan's army in Khwarezmia?	What kind of missions are the armed forces regularly deployed for?	What TV station showed the broadcasts of the original Doctor Who series?	What is 'grey literature'?	Terra Nullius is a Latin expression meaning what in English?	Which musical group did the V&A present in July 1973 as part of its youth outreach programme?	What is the name of the desert near the border of Nevada?	Which government entity helped to pay for the festivities, beyond businesses and individuals?	To whom was Johann Eck the assistant?	What type of image was Tesla thought to have accidentally taken a week prior to the announcement of its discovery?	How does the level of tuition in German private schools compare to private schools in other Western European countries?	In which continent besides Asia were major gains made by the British Empire in the late 19th century?	Who might be charged with accrediting teacher education programs?	When did the Germanic tribes claim territory in north and west Europe?	How many floors are there in the building that was completed in 1967?	On what television station could an American viewer watch the game?	What concept was developed by Baran while researching at RAND	What character in the play portrays civil disobedience?	What was the Harvard endowment total in 2011?	What is a ligand on the cell surface that is upregulated after helper T cell activation?	How much gold did Victoria produce in the years of 1851-1860?	What is the concept of the visible and invisible Church?	What kind of influence does the Gulf Stream exert on Newcastle?	What entity enforces the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union?	In what year did ABC stop using it's four-note jingle for promotion?	What is the name of one algebraic generalization prime numbers have inspired?	What appears to be used exclusively in Newcastle and surrounding areas?	What encoding decision needs to be made in order to determine an exact definition of the formal language?	What did BSkyB name their interactive service?	Which late night comedy host show played immediately after Super Bowl 50 ended?	When is the first reference in history to Warsaw?	Who are the un-elected subordinates of member state governments?	What did Luther get implicated in concerning Philip I?	How much potential economic growth could the United States amass if everyone went through more schooling?	Is corporal punishment increasing or declining in the South?	When did Luther write an extreme treatise against the Jews?	What modern company has been notably working on a steam engine using modern materials?	US is concerned about confrontation of the Middle East with which other country?	What brand of car is manufactured in Broadmeadows?	When have humans started impacting the delta?	What sate are things inside of a moving vehicle as seen by a  person inside the vehicle?	What was the theme of Super Bowl 50?	What is the translation of Siebengebirge?	What two artists came out with Coldplay during the half-time show?	Where do Apicomplexans store energy?	What needs to be avoided with civil disobedience?	When was a part of Grainger Town destroyed?	How can someone be recognized as local church lay servant?	What is the largest general further education college in the North East?	In what form is oxygen transported in smaller containers?	What forces should serve as a brake on wealth concentration?	In what year was the first known experiments on combustion and air conducted?	How many events occur in an engine cycle?	What session is the Scottish Parliament in?	What is a particular problem in biology that would benefit from determining that P = NP?	What does the Presiding Officer try to achieve a balance of between speakers?	When did Kublai move the Mongol capital?	Who registered the most receptions on the Broncos?	What dictionary contains a non- violent definition?	What percentage of Victorians are Christian?	Who licensed Tesla's induction motor?	Complexity theory classifies problems based on what primary attribute?	What is the population of the Inner Mongolia region of China?	What age does basic education start?	What team had the best start ever in the NFL?	What was Brown's job?	How many teams have played in the Super Bowl eight times?	Why is the node requiered to look up 	Point Conception is an example of a landmark among what boundary of southern California?	Who are commonly associated with the algorithm typically considered the most effective with respect to finite polynomial hierarchy and graph isomorphism?	To which year is the Becket Casket dated?	What was a similar view about the Asian continent called?	What president of the university transformed it into a modern research university?	How many hymns did Luther contribute to the Erfurt Enchiridion?	What position does Von Miller play?	Why is Warsaw's flora very rich in species?	In the most basic sense what did a Turing machine emulate?	What do counties sometimes offer to get more teachers?	What is the immune system?	By what century did researchers see that they could liquefy air?	What did Josel of Rosheim claimed that Luther said of those who might aid the Jews?	When were competition rules included in the Treaty of Rome?	For what railroad did Stephenson build a locomotive in 1825?	Who tackled the Carolina Panthers' quarterback just before the end of the first half?	How many players have been awarded the Most Valuable Player distinction for the Super Bowl?	What causes rock extension?	Tribal members living in the rainforests of what region are using Google Earth?	What was the end of the War of the Austrian Succession?	What is the atomic number of the element oxygen?	The success of pathogens is predicated on their ability to do what?	How does the IPCC prepare Special Reports?	Which network broadcast the game in Spanish?	In autoimmune disorders, the immune system doesn't distinguish between what types of cells?	What was the ultimate development of the horizontal engine?	What is the 16th century known as the start of?	What cable provider did ABC reach an agreement with in 1993 to carry it's owned-and-operated stations in ABC O&O markets?	Why did GM, Ford and Chrysler introduced fuel-efficient and small cars to the US market?	Aside from firebox, what is another name for the space in which combustible material is burned in the engine?	What did Temüjin offer the people he conquered in order earn their loyalty?	What type of steam engines produced most power up to the early 20th century?	What is the Daleks' main weakness?	What are members who have been baptized as an infant or child but who have not subsequently professed their own faith?	When were the elections that produced a higher vote by Protestant Nazi sympathizers than by Catholics?	What team did Kubiak play for in Super Bowl XXI?	What do power station steam turbines use as a cold sink in the absence of CHP?	What previous Super Bowl halftime show did Bruno Mars headline?	What scale does trade liberalization shift economic inequality from?	What types of discipline did the teacher have access to?	In which article does the Treaty of Lisbon prohibit anti-competitive agreements?	What was introduces into the Black Sea?	What religion is the western region mostly?	What value does the seperating into fermions and bosons depend?	In what type of work was Luther prolific?	What does it mean for a knot to be considered indecomposable?	What 1971 film was shot on location in Newcastle?	What was developed for the Air Force 	Which areas of Northern Europe practiced those religions?	Which genus of ctenophores does not have cydipped-like larvae?	What was the name of the Doctor Who play from the 1980's?	Where did a bloody civil war break out?	What is needed to make combustion happen?	The region was a leader in what event between 2001 - 2007?	What did Luther state he would not exchange for his life with his wife?	What's Thomas Piketty's job?	Anarchists do not want to accept punishment for what reason?	The French church in Portarlington was built when?	The legislative competence of the Parliament species what areas?	Who is taught at teacher's colleges?	How was this possible 	In what year did Tesla graduate from the Higher Real Gymnasium?	At what speed did the turbine operate?	Other than its main central  business district, where are the majority of San Diego's business districts located?	Which French composer wrote ametrical music using prime numbers?	What are the Siouan-speaking tribes?	What movement did the fair held in June have its origins in?	Complement proteins bind to what kind of molecules on the surface of microbes in order to elicit an immune response?	At the time of its formation, how many congregations did the UMC have?	How many universities offer an Initial Teacher Education (ITE) program?	What order did British make of French?	How many streetcars did the Fresno Traction Company operate in 1931?	Where did the Broncos stay at for Super Bowl 50?	What Institute published findings in September 2012 regarding the Forbes richest 400 Americans?	How many people did Hamas kill between 2000 to 2007?	How much of a difference in homicide rates are related to inequality?	What did the LMP acronym stand for regarding the Block II launch positions?	What can construction projects suffer from?	A subway tunnel from the museum leads to which tube station?	Who was responsible for the decorations of the Centre Refreshment Room?	What protein does Staphylococcus aureus produce to make antibodies ineffective?	In what year was the university's 5th president granted his position?	What success did Abercrombie gain out of the defeat at Carillon?	What can sympathetic Jurors in cases with civil disobedients?	In contrast how were Catholic saints portrayed?	Who dates rocks, precisely, within the stratigraphic section?	Along with location, endowment and the willingness of parents to pay, what factor influences private school tuition?	How many stages did the Saturn V end up having?	What drama program was canceled by ABC after a bad midseason run in 2010-11?	How old was Newton during Super Bowl 50?	What group of civil disobedients brought medicine to Iraq without the permission of the government?	What was one of theories as to what caused Tesla's father's unspecified illness?	When was Luther's last sermon?	How frequent is snow in the Southwest of the state?	What was Temur Khan's Chinese-style name?	How old was Newton in Super Bowl 50?	What contributed to the decreased inequality between trained and untrained workers?	What did Distributed Adaptive Message Block Switching do	What is the highest level of the UMC?	What does the name The Rhine come from? 	What company did Worldvision sell a portion of it's catalogue to in 1990?	When did the General Conference go on record in support of the work of the Religious Coalition for Reproductive Choice?	What have peridinin-type chloroplasts lost?	In what century was quantum mechanics made? 	What complex measurements were defined by "On the Computational Complexity of Algorithms"?	Which linebacker led the Broncos in tackles?	Where were ABC's international networks mainly situated in the 1970s?	What was the total nominal GDP of Warsaw in 2010?	For which show did Billie Piper tape an introduction?	What did Tesla accidentally cause?	Where was Victoria first set to be located in Australia?	What Doctor Who actress was nominated for an award in 2016?	What career does Joseph Stiglitz have?	Where is the most successful agricultural prodcution regions?	The UMC was a founding member of what coalition?	What properties are analyzed with a conoscopic lens by petrologists? 	What were the astronauts wearing during the dual mission AS-278?	Who did the National Anthem at Super Bowl 50?	Charleston settler Elie Prioleau was from what French town?	What impact does higher worker productivity and leveled pay have on higher earners?	When did Good Morning America begin airing?	What was the first problem astronauts encountered during the plugs-out test?	Who was Tesla's nephew?	What are apicoplasts missing?	What work is useful for pastors?	What did Lindzen criticize about the Summary for Policymakers?	What are the "Big Five" animals in Kenya?	For most organisms, what is the dominant system of defense?	Which party is currently the largest among political party lines?	What generally does not allow citizens to sue other citizens?	What drives down wages in a job with many workers willing to work a lot?	What did Luther seek to restore?	The idea of acquired immunity in jawed vertebrates is the basis of what medical treatment?	What body part did Thomas Davis break during the NFC Championship Game?	How far apart are the outer PD ring's filaments?	Who was on the receiving end of a 45-yard pass from Cam Newton?	Along with the American Institute of Electrical Engineers what other institute eventually became the IEEE?	What innovation in Mongolian language is credited to Genghis Khan?	When is the game's media day usually held?	What present-day company did BankAmericard turn into?	What do wages work in the same way as for any other good?	What was the main reason for the show's suspension in 1989?	What group of people cannot be part of civil disobedience?	Who was the leader who established the colony at Florida?	Where did France lose a war in the 1950's?	How were the men who did tasks like those of today's pharmacists viewed in Japan in the Asuka and Nara periods?	How many people were estimated to go to the different game-themed events during the week prior to Super Bowl 50 in the city it was held in?	Who designed the wrought iron gates that was used to embellish the east side of the building?	How many times did the Denver defense force Newton into turnovers?	Who funds the IPCC's Secretary?	In what year was the Commission on Pan Methodist Cooperation and Union formed?	Which city is planned to be a part of the California High Speed Rail?	What part of the Rhine flows west at Katwijk?	Oxygen exists in the atmosphere by way of what?	When did Walt Disney Productions purchase ABC's shares in the Disneyland theme park?	Where did Tesla look for investors prior to WWI?	Clergy are members of what group rather than of any local congregation?	What does the ciliary rosettes do to decease bulk and increase density?	In what year did the scavenger hunt begin?	What denomination is the Diocesan School for Girls in Auckland affiliated with?	What type of film were excerpts from the show film on?	What mechanism moves coal from a bunker to the firebox?	When was the concept of a social market economy introduced into EU law?	What have Muslims praised Hamas for doing?	In which year did Genghis Khan strike against the Tanguts?	Who does the wage gap between genders provide an advantage?	What is the vast disparities in wealth attributed to by Socialists?	What was the purpose of the Turks in Luther's mind?	Who took Isaacs place as Provost in 2016?	How high was the stone wall built around Newcastle in the 13th century?	What game show debuted on ABC in 2007 as a replacement for striking programs?	What happened in 1992 in a UK-wide process?	Where was the CM intended to land upon re entering the Earth's atmosphere?	Who is usually working together?	What was the percentage of Non-Hispanic Whites in 2010? 	What movie awards show does ABC currently hold the rights to?	What is it called when the tax rate and base amount increase simultaneously?	Who led the North American Huguenot colonial expedition?	Who halted the advance of Hulagu Khan across the Middle East?	The Hungarians performed this civil disobedience under the direction of what person?	In what process are electrons recycled?	How are the certain costs which are difficult to avoid shared?	What was the American Timothy Dexter widely regarded as?	What happened to nearby light bulbs?	In addition to the traveling salesman problem, what is another example of a function problem?	Who played Doctor Who on stage in the 70's?	Who picked off Cam Newton and subsequently fumbled the ball?	What did the Shah do when faced with defeat by Genghis Khan's forces?	Where in Central Asia did the Han Chinese move?	When did the Packers arrive at a record of 13-0?	What did the Lunar Module provide to help get the Apollo 13 home safely?	How many graduate students does Harvard have?	What is the only form potential energy can change into?	Who designed the new Medieval and Renaissance galleries which opened in 2009?	What is the United States busiest commercial port?	What is the redundant concept coming from momentum conservation?	When is the oldest armed seal of Warsaw from?	What is the axis of Warsaw which divides it into two parts?	Vice President Agnew describes Civil disobedience in what activities?	When did Pope Leo X  excommunicate Luther? 	Primitive jawless vertebrates possess an array of receptors referred to as what?	The Codex Forster is a collection of notebooks by which famous Italian Renaissance polymath?	What was the secondary endosymbiotic event?	Iran has assisted what type of groups in Iraq?	When was REM sleep discovered?	What radio station in South Carolina carried the Super Bowl 50 game?	Stephen Eildmann cites the oldest known example of civil disobedience in what part of the bible? 	What does the Riemann hypothesis state the source of irregularity in the distribution of points comes from?	What is the high end of the temperature range in winter?	In 1517 who was Luther's bishop?	What is the Mongolian name of the first Mongolian laws codified in writing?	Who did Dinwiddie order to address French in Virginia territory?	In which year did the Royal College of Art gained full independence from the V&A?	Compared to the rest of Florida, how does Jacksonville's Filipino population rank?	What developmental network was discontinued after the shutdown of ABC1?	Name a common autoimmune disease.	What has a bigger impact on the United States' economy more than trade?	Which Panther tipped a Manning pass to himself and picked it off?	Which species are ribbon-shaped planktonic animals?	What specific type of Ctenophore was introduced into the Black Sea?	Where do all trains going to Scotland stop at?	When were the earliest Doctor Who books available?	Geographically speaking, where is California's north - south midway point in terms of latitude?	What science fiction writer introduced the Doctor Who episodes for a period of time?	Universal Paid for The Secret Life of Pets and which other film trailer?	In what year did Tesla's family move to Gospic?	When did Good Morning America first debut?	What does less education lead to when working?	Who explained that inertial reference frames equaled reference frames subject to constant acceleration?	Why did he walk?	What was the corporate entity American Broadcasting-Paramount Theatres renamed in 1965? 	What were X.25 and Frame relay used for 	When was the settlement which would become Warsaw established?	What kind of region can be found inside the urban area of southern California?	What Doctor Who episode won a Hugo Award in 2010?	What are Apicomplexans similar to?	When did ABC adopt it's iconic circle logo?	What alumni was also Obama's campaign adviser?	In May 2002, where would you go to address the Parliament?	Currently, how many votes out of the 352 total votes are needed for a majority?	What part of the UMC calls for its bishops to uphold opposition to capital punishment?	Who was at the receiving end of a 22-yard pass from Peyton Manning?	Where did Jebe's division of Genghis Khan's army campaign in Khwarezmia?	What is expected with the continuous input of sediment into the Dornbirner Ach?	Where did Golovin work prior to joining the "Space Vehicle Panel"?	What is the largest port in Europe called?	The classification of aspects of the Amazon forest is important for mapping what type of emission?	How many museums are in Warsaw?	When did the first French language bible appear?	The West saw the East as what?	What were the structures built by the Soviets typical of?	What region of China is Hebei part of?	What is an example of a problem that rests within the NP complexity class?	Who is one prominent advocate of this theory?	Which cultures are represented in the V&A's collections?	What type of motivators are achievement and self determination considered?	A dollar spent by a poor person is likely to provide what for them?	What happened to prompt NASA to record over archived magnetic tapes?	When was the plastome discovered?	What year was the last time a fumble return touchdown like this occurred?	Which Mongol leader was most opposed to Jochi as Genghis Khan's successor?	Where was the first settlement in Victoria?	A forced trade agreement between two countries would be an example of what?	Who helped designed the Main Quadrangles?	In what group of compounds is oxygen a necessary part?	What did the IPCC apologize for?	What is the role of teachers in education?	Which genus lack tentacles and sheaths?	What is the speed limit set to reduce consumption?	What two resources commonly consumed by alternate models are typically known to vary?	How did Luther broaden the Reformation in terms of prophecy?	What was the name of the eastern half of the colony of 1788?	What was the cost for a half minute ad?	How many times had Thomas Davis torn his ACL in his career?	What buildings held the Milton Friedman Institute?	What is the name of Newcastle's first full-time community radio station?	How much oxygen is found is a liter of fresh water under normal conditions?	How was the civil disobedience shown in Antigone?	What is unknown about the complexity classes between L and P that further prevents determining the value relationship between L and P?	How many piston strokes occur in an engine cycle?	What did he claim the weapon would end?	In the encoding of mathematical objects, what is the way in which integers are commonly expressed?	Who is required to verify and have existing utility lines marked?	When did Wesley appoint Thomas Coke as bishop?	Where did the residents of Antioch flee to?	What did Luther say the common people knew nothing about?	How many US presidents are alumni of the school?	What did Aristotle refer to forced motion as?	What did Priestley name the gas his experiment produced?	What was the score for the 2015 NFC championship game?	Approximately how many European oil paintings does the museum have?	How long was he bedridden with cholera?	About what year was the atmospheric engine invented?	What happens to the lead fusible plugs if the water level of the boiler drops?	What actor played the Valeyard?	For which ABC Movie of the Week film did Steven Spielberg first gain success?	Reports document that how many Parisien Protestants were killed by September 17?	2011-12 saw ABC drop to 4th in ratings among what important demographic?	How far is Fresno from Los Angeles?	What kind of weapons did Tesla's treatise concern?	Jacksonville began to suffer and decline after what major world event?	Where did the first shipment of minerals ship from?	What society founded the University of Chicago?	To what pathogen that causes gas gangrene is oxygen poisonous?	Along with geothermal and nuclear, what is a notable non-combustion heat source?	What is the CJEU's duty?	Along with toys, where are oscillating cylinder steam engines typically used?	Who won the Nobel Prize in 1905?	When was the Muslim Brotherhood founded?	Why did the demand for rentals decrease?	What type of T cells help with both innnate and adaptive immunity?	What entity was Touchstone Television reorganized into in 2007?	How many yards did the interception gain when the ball was tipped away from Manning?	When did the lightening event happen?	What causes Pauli repulsion?	Along with electric motors, what type of engines superseded piston steam engines?	What does the word Rheinrinne translate to?	What are chloroplasts descended from?	Was the testing of the LM during Apollo 5 a failure or a success?	How many horsepower did Tesla's bladeless turbine have?	What was dificult to reconcile the photoelectric effect and the missing ultraviolet catastrophe?	Are there any regions where the Treaty of European Union excludes from jurisdiction?	What do some researchers believe is the earliest-diverging animal phylum is?	What year did the flood that impacted the Meuse take place?	What did Temüjin promise his followers in exchange for their obedience?	To which period is the largest item from Italy that is included in the sculpture collection dated?	What type of theatre is the Warsaw Fotoplastikon?	When do chloroplasts arrange in vertical columns or turn sideways?	The long tentacles on the pleurbrachia are protected by what?	Which country was thinking about going to war to forcibly take Middle Eastern oil fields?	By what year had Temüjin created a significant "Mongol" tribal alliance?	When did Warsaw start to rebuild?	How many weight rooms are in the Malkin Athletic Center	The Los Angeles Rams are an example of what kind of sports team?	What does Doctor Who do when his body is mortally damaged?	Who was made Governor of Samarqand?	What do weak labor movement correlate with?	For each of the 28 member states, how many Commissioner's are represented for each one?	What was the occupation of Joseph Priestley?	Why did he fire the secretary?	Where was ABC Marine World opened?	What element is used as a coolant in the process of making liquid oxygen?	Compounding was not popular in the construction of what machines?	Most aspects of transport safety is a subject dealt with by whom?	When did the Pope warned Luther of excommunication? 	The UMC condemns what type of punishment?	What brand sponsored the "Crash the Super Bowl" contest?	Beroida are known by what other name?	Why have modern Lutherans stopped using the hymn?	What relative of Doctor Who traveled with him in the early episodes?	When was his lab destroyed?	In what process is the uptake from oxygen necessary?	How many people were in French North American Colonies?	Who compiled the original surviving Apollo 11 landing data?	About how many Walloons and Huguenots emigrated to England and Ireland in this era?	Who was the Scottish geologist that named Mt Kenya as Mt Kenia?	Where did he claim the blueprint was stored?	How long did it take to improve on Sir Isaac Newton's laws of motion?	Who suggested that imperialism was the "highest" form of capitalism?	What type of technology is the non organic separating of gases?	Enthusiastic teachers may cause students to become more ____ about their learning process?	Which country was worried that the US would invade the Middle East?	What archival system is used for all material at the National Art Library?	What was an example of a type of warship that required high speed?	What did Smedley Butler call US foreign Policy?	What network was known for dramas such as Sherlock Holmes?	Where did it join in the direction of its flow?	What sea were Ctenophores accidently introduced?	In what episode did Dudley Simpson play a music conductor?	What type of practices did the Yuan reintroduce in government?	What are PD rings?	Where are the Harvard medical, Dental and school of Public Health located?	What was the Chinese name of Gou's calendar?	Who lost to the Broncos in the divisional round?	What shape are some of the buildings in the Parliament complex?	What did Luther call his stay a Wartburg Castle?	What year did Tesla die? 	Who worked later on to find these missing magnetic tapes that had data stored on them?	What organization offers monetary awards for identifying primes with at least 100 million digits?	What are the phagocytes that are located in tissues in contact with the external environment called?	The Ottoman empire controlled territory on three continents, Africa, Asia and which other?	Who taught Temüjin early lessons about politics in Mongolia?	What pushes businesses to increase pressures on workers?	What was given to high schools where former students went on to play or coach in a Super Bowl?	If the apparant force of two fermions is attractive, what is the spin function?	Who stated that John Jortin misunderstood Luther?	What subtle tool can be used in an informal imperialistic situation to expand a controlled area?	When did the movement that would become The United Methodist Church begin?	How did the Huguenots defend themselves?	What folks are likely to use words like "howay" and "hadaway"?	What was the name of the 50th Anniversary episode?	What is the name of the first Doctor Who serial?	What is the center library in the Harvard library system?	Who, with Jim Nantz, was a member of the game's lead broadcast team?	What will the "50" given to the Super Bowl winner weigh in pounds?	What type of goals are usually done skirting the law?	What is the current number of electors currently in a Scottish Parliament constituency? 	What show is considered the best drama that the BBC has ever produced?	What was the U.S. Information Agency charged with doing during the Cold War?	Where is the home of the Sunnyside Country Club?	What use was suggested for the system 	What protection caused Luther's Reformation to flourish?	What was Kublai Khan's relation to Ogedei Khan?	Where did Harold II die?	Along with Muslims, Jews and Protestant Christians, what religious group notably operates private schools?	Where did Kublai move the Mongol capital to?	When was Newton the first selection in the NFL Draft?	Who lead the Super Bowl 50 halftime performance?	What did the second stage in the Saturn V end up doing?	Who was the first chair of the IPCC?	What is the only story of the original series where Doctor Who travels alone?	What do the Treaties generally limit?	UChicago claims to have what kind of learning experience compared to other universities? 	What did Tesla Electric Light & Manufacturing do?	What is decreased by staging expansion across multiple cylinders?	Which Florida city has the biggest population?	Who dominates the world of long distance running?	In what year did the first ABC identification card have a 3D appearance?	What type/genre of TV show is Doctor Who?	Vendobionta lived during which period?	Who was the university's 5th president?	What event would necessitate airline passengers to need a supplemental supply of oxygen? 	What publication published an article about Tesla in 1912?	In which case did the Court of Justice review Swedish bans on advertising to young children under 12?	what was invented in 1880 that revolutionized warfare?	Who was the leader when the Franks entered the Euphrates valley?	Where did the movement that would become The United Methodist Church begin?	What was the total number of homes Sky announced that had Sky+HD in March of 2012?	What new series continues the plot of the original Doctor Who?	When was the University Library founded?	Who was ABC's vice-president of engineering?	How did the Islamic Group's campaign to overthrow the government turn out?	Which team was suspended from the MLS?	When was there a reduction in the number of Scottish MPs?	When was a vote help to ratify the change to the constitution?	When did Tesla start deliberately experimenting with X-ray imaging?	What is the number of plant species in economics and social interest?	Has the tourism sector had growth or reduction?	What type of geologists give information about strain within the crystalline structure of the rocks?	What fortification was built in the 19th century after the defeat of the November Uprising?	What type of lenses were needed to see the 3D effects in Dimension in Time?	What was the seat of former party leader David McLetchie?	Name two series that have been reboots rather than plot continuations.	Of what form is the infinite amount of primes that comprise the special cases of Schinzel's hypothesis?	This was the first time that the Carolina team faced what in the post season?	In what series did ABC present it's 1950s film adaptations in?	When did France begin in earnest to rebuild its global empire?	What is the problem attributed to defining if two finite graphs are isomorphic?	What property of the harmonic series 1 + 1/2 + 1/3 + 1/4 + ... shows that there is an infinite number of primes?	What has been getting much better in the most recent years?	How many people belong to the university's Board of Trustees?	What is the main gap to continued urbanization?	In what year were the Distinguished Service Medals awarded to Grissom, White, and Chaffee?	What was the population Jacksonville city as of 2010?	Where are international corporations headquartered?	How many launch pads were originally planned?	What did Tesla do with his patents causing him to lose them?	In which year was Reverend Chauncy Hare Townshend's collection of gems was bequeathed to the museum?	What is the name of the area that the main campus is centered in Cambridge?	Hormones released during sleep support the interaction of T-cells and what species?	What did the reforms cause?	Who was the Denver head coach for Super Bowl 50?	What was Tesla's plan to make students "bright"?	Who teaches in secondary schools?	What guide states the Univeristy of Chicago is known for their heavy workload and academic difficulty?	What present day county is New Rochelle in?	What does China's investment mean for Kenya?	Other than Downtown San Bernardino, and University Town, what is the name of another business district in the San Bernardino-Riverside area?	What was the Fresno Fairgrounds used as?	What type of space in Warsaw are the Botanic Garden and University Library garden?	When was the Rhine fully within the Holy Roman Empire?	Who formed the government in Kenya?	How many people were on the test flight of the AS-206?	Where is the first man-made self-sustaining nuclear reaction located?	What is a name for the different ways to instruct students?	How many reptiles have been discovered in the Amazon region?	By what means were scientists able to liquefy air?	What rules does the IPCC have to follow?	After the Rhine emerges from Lake Constance, what direction does it flow?	What might the Government require a teacher have before being allowed to teach?	Who was the ally of his father that Genghis Khan fell out as time passed?	What kind of protists are Euglenophytes?	Who commissioned the Tapestry?	What is Michael Carrick and Alan Shearer's profession?	When was the Methodist Episcopal Church founded?	Who did the Panthers face in the NFC Championship Game?	What does the Rhine merge with outside of Germany?	What did Temüjin offer Jamukha after the latter's defeat?	What sort of engines utilized the Yarrow-Schlick-Tweedy balancing system?	When did Luther broaden his attacks to include core Church doctrines?	What were the years two Regulations that conflicted with an Italian law originate in the Simmenthal SpA case? 	The V&A has its origins in which world exposition? 	Who assist elders in the sacraments of Holy Communion and Baptism?	What is the oldest exhibition site in Warsaw?	How many academic minors does the university grant in total?	Which company did Tesla work for in 1881?	What book of the Bible discusses civil disobedience?	Who was Alfred S brown?	Where was the location of the colonial government that administered the new colony?	What group of people performed revolutionary civil disobedience toward the Austrian government?	What kind of membrane do primary chloroplasts have?	What two Doctors does the War Doctor exist between?	How many plant species are estimated to be in the Amazon region?	What library contains the Selmur Productions catalogue?	Which son did Genghis Khan view as his most dependable one?	What was the name of the contest sponsored by QuickBooks?	What UN organizations established the IPCC?	As of 2008, about what percentage of Swedish students attended private schools?	What college is Jake Rosenfield associated with?	Approximately how books did Alexander Dyce bequeathed to the museum?	What type of markets is the dwelling type below?	What has caused China to suspend their railway project?	After reopening, where will the art pieces be located after restoration?	What kind of needlework was used in the creation of the Bayeux Tapestry?	Which Super Bowl halftime show did Beyoncé headline?	What attribute of humans interfered with nature's ruthlessness in Tesla's opinion?	Where does the Ijssel branch flow?	Germany referred to which area more so than an actual country?	Healing services involve the laying on of hands and what else?	In which episode does the First Doctor see himself?	What is the most critical resource in the analysis of computational problems associated with non-deterministic Turing machines?	Recently a more detailed model of the Earth was developed. Seismologists were able to create this using images of what from the interior of the Earth? 	What is the translation of the old north branch of rhe Rhine?	How many yards did the Panthers get for the division championshipt game?	Who created the theme used in 1986?	 Where did he claim he would transport energy to?	In what borough of New York City is ABC headquartered?	When did Tesla begin working for the Continental Edison Company?	In which year was the Salting Bequest?	The entrepreneurs Josiah Wedgwood, Matthew Boulton and Eleanor Coade were influenced by what manufacturing process developed during the Industrial Revolution?	Contracts must be designed to ensure what?	Xenoliths are picked up by what and deposited into the matrix of igneous rocks? 	Does the residential architecture of the Tower District compare or contrast with other part of Fresno?	Who exclusively broadcast the game in Spanish after reaching an agreement with the NFL and CBS?	Approximately how many architectural photographs does the V&A hold in its collection?	What crew did Eisele eventually get relocated to after having surgery and not making the first mission?	What contributed to water pollution in the Rhine? 	How many households had BSkyB service in 1994?	What was Tesla, Brown and Peck's new company?	What was developed from Watt's measurements on a model steam engine?	When was the decision made to replace the Nova rockets with the Saturn V?	Why would a teacher's college exist?	What ranking in terms of busiest airports from international passenger volume is the Los Angeles International Airport?	what was NTL Telewest re-branded to in 2007?	What was the focus of Season 20 of Doctor Who?	How long did it take for the Theses printing to spread thought Germany?	Most power of what sort is generated by steam turbines today?	Where is Harvard stadium located?	In what century did the history of the steam engine begin?	What is the last name of the player who scored a 2-yard touchdown in the fourth quarter?	What is a kind of defense response that makes the entire plant resistant to a particular agent?	What kind of weapon did Tesla talk about?	What did the government and civil society organisations start after the riots?	Which two treaties provided more formal institutions of the European Union?	What was the name of the blind date concept program debuted by ABC in 1966?	What did Luther do at the end of his speech?	Who published Tesla's writings?	What kind of field is necessary to produce a magnet effect in oxygen molecules?	What is the name given to the university's main library?	What causes strain in structures?	What chloroplast structure is similar to the inner mitochondria membrane?	How long has the concept of legal certainty been recognized as one of the general principles by the EU law?	What major Newcastle road stretches from Edinburgh to London?	Which gender is more populous across all groups in Jacksonville?	What are the only states where ABC doesn't have a licensed affiliate?	What did Luther use as accompaniment to his hymns?	Who is the current Governor of Victoria?	What planet did the reporters decide the signals were from?	What is the process of changing light into chemical energy?	What kind of membrane came from the host?	What did creating highways in the Amazon rainforest lead to?	What is the NASUWT?	What other event made the BBC concerned that viewers had not seen the premier of Doctor Who?	What variable is associated with all problems solved within logarithmic space?	Were the tapes able to be restored and processed without destroying historical legitimacy or did some aspects of the tapes lose legitimacy?	What year marked the lowest ratings for the drama Lost?	The issues of what era did Tesla's article talk about?	What were the origins of the Raouliii family?	Rocks on top of a fault that are cut are always older or younger than the fault itself?	How many Africans were brought into the United States during the slave trade?	in 1932 what was the Rhine measurement changed to?	These books became a foundational text for what library?	what was Fresno's population in 2010?	The V&A library's collection of illuminated manuscripts are dated to which centuries?	Who will be the new executive producer of Doctor Who in 2018?	What is the goal of Islamist groups like Hezbollah and Hamas?	What is being described when simplicity of geometrical forms are teamed with inspiration from the Roman period?	Where does the Rhine begin? 	What is the largest main branch of the Rhine?	In many countries, what kind of pay gap is there?	How many chloroplasts are in a square mm of a leaf?	What is the minimum distance between a patient's home and the nearest pharmacy that allows a physician to give out medication?	The Kuznets curve says with economic development, inequality will decrease after what?	What did the acronym AAP stand for?	Who provides the bill of quantities?	What did the Court of Justice reason were controlled in all member states in Josemans v Burgemeester van Maastricht?	What Doctor Who was written without Doctor Who in it?	What are malum prohibitum considerations?	What year did the Denver Broncos secure a Super Bowl title for the third time?	In which year did Genghis Khan's grandson invade Kievan Rus'?	In what year was Roger II made king?	Who ran the ball twice for 20 yards on this drive?	Who said Barton's investigation was "misguided and illegitimate"?	What is the law of thermodynamics associated with closed system heat exchange?	In what year did ABC's viewership end in 4th place behind the other major networks?	Where was Tesla's new lab?	What year did Newcastle first develop its cycling strategy?	Which rival of the Mongols is suspected of inventing the story that Genghis Khan was murdered by a captured princess?	Which president ended the Emergency Energy Conservation Act?	How is Luther commemorated on the Lutheran, Episcopal, and  Church of England  calendars?	On what game console was the CBS Sports app available?	When did Tesla go to Prague?	What is another word for inclusions in sedimentary rocks? 	What does a T cell extend when it encounters a foreign pathogen?	If Roman numerals were used in the naming of the 50th Super Bowl, which one would have been used?	What do a number of researchers think a shortage of is caused in part by income inequality?	What is a notable application of injectors today?	Who covered the halftime coverage?	A mermaid stopped to rest on the sandy beach by what village?	What is the highest court in the European Union?	Who was Warsaw under the administration of when it came under the rule of the General Goverment?	Gamma delta T cells rearrange TCR genes to produce what?	What was ABC's viewership share in 1993?	Where did Tesla move in 1881?	In what year did Tesla demonstrate his alternating current system?	How many plant species are of interest to society and manufacturers exist in the amazon rainforest?	What was Maria Curie the first female recipient of?	In what year did the FCC publish it's report?	What is an important factor contributing to inequality for individuals?	What was the capital of the Ottoman empire?	Maududi was trained as a lawyer, but chose what professional for himself instead?	What was Warner Sinback	How did Luther describe his time in the order?	What kind of statement is made in the effort of establishing the time and space requirements needed to enhance the ultimate number of problems solved?	What force changes an objects direction of travel?	What is the name associated with the eight areas that make up a part of southern California?	What system has an impact on income inequality?	What Chinese-style name did Rinchinbal use?	When did Luther write  a German mass?	How did the party overthrow the elected government in 1989?	What are free-to-air encrypted broadcasts known as?	Funding limitations allowed CSNET to be what 	The church emphasizes the need to be in supportive ministry of what group?	bassett focuses on what to illustrate his idea?	When did Robert Crispin go up against the Turks?	When did French learn about Braddock's plans?	Which entity developed the principles of European Union Law?	How is the process of allocating seats repeated until all available seats have been determined?	What is a common practice in official corporal punishment?	Why would a person chose civil disobedience against specific laws?	What was Nikola Tesla's ethnicity?	When did Konstantin Mereschkowski suggest the origin of chloroplasts?	Article 34 meant states could be responsible for what?	What happened to the East India Trading Company in 1767?	Between which two streets along Kearney Boulevard were wealthy African-Americans at one time residing?	By when did most of France's Colonies gain independence?	What famous writer was Tesla's good friend?	Why do the island archipelagos comprise a smaller number of electors?	Where was the 2000 study conducted?	What is an important Swahili settlement along the coast?	What event is held at Bells Beach in Victoria?	The title of the digitization project was a reference to which artist?	Who developed a successful steam engine indicator for Charles Porter?	According to the AAA, what is the percentage of the gas stations that ran out of gasoline?	How much did it cost to build Levi's Stadium?	When did the ancestors of modern Homo sapiens inhabit Kenya?	Why does Oxfam and Credit Suisse believe their findings are being doubted?	How many were killed by plague in Italy in the 17th century?	What is Warsaw known as in Polish?	How many residential dorms house upper class, sophomore, Jr, and Sr students?	What do chloroplasts look like in spinach grown in green light?	Which MVP honoree died in 2001?	Other than the motion picture and television industry, what other major industry is centered in Los Angeles?	What was the first true engine that was commercially successful?	What body of water sat to the west of the Mongol Empire when Genghis Khan died?	What type of combustion does the slow reaction of triplet oxygen prevent?	What do scholars agree on about the posting on the door story?	What letter did Washington present to  Saint-Pierre ?	What had Bhutto planned on banning within six months, before he was overthrown?	What types of schools are most ergänzungsschulen?	What country currently has a group who call themselves Huguenots?	Which Super Bowl did Elway win at 38 years old?	What is the jelly-like susbtance called?	Nonverbal expressions resulted in what kind of levels of motivation to learn?	When did ABC begin airing Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve?	Which borough of Newcastle had a population around 259,000?	What is the parliamentary mace made of?	The Bank of America Tower was previously known as what?	What other kind of sport is popular in southern California?	What did DECnet originally do 	What is one supplementary source of European Union law?	What year did consolidation cause Jacksonville to become part of Duval County?	How many possible bids for the prize were there in 1915?	Approximately how many musical instruments were loaned to the Horniman Museum?	What is the term for a task that generally lends itself to being solved by a computer?	Who shared sideline duties with Evan Washburn?	What style were the mass constructed residential blocks designed in?	What does phycoerytherin appear in?	Which of his future generals joined forces with Temüjin around the time of his escape from the Tayichi'ud?	What researcher showed that air is a necessity for combustion?	How much was the Apollo project estimated to have cost from 1959 to 1973, the length of the program?	The Art Deco style of glassware is represented by which artist?	How many ways are available to help reduce the stress of teaching?	Where was Marin's second fort constructed?	What must the adoption of laws which will have legal effect in the EU have?	Who was responsible for the preliminary archaeological research at Ologesailie and Hyrax Hill?	What tool has measured the amount of dust that travels from the Sahara to the Amazon?	Which artist has a piece of his artwork located at the Fulton Mall?	The Church supports those persons who conscientiously oppose what?	What type of launch was happening during the Apollo 1 incident?	In what year did one individual suggest classifying the trees of the Amazon into four categories?	How many megaregions are there in the United States?	What company did the ABC network's parent company merge with in the 1980s?	What is the active form of vitamin D known as?	What is an example of an immunosuppressive drug that prevents T cell activity by altering signal transduction pathways?	What are antimicrobial peptides that evolved as immune defense in eukaryotes called?	What did the peasants believe Luther would do for them?	What entity did Tesla believe would not be able to solve the problems of the time?	What is often misunderstood as the cause of matter rigidity?	Which authority figure is designated to schedule and set the work of the EU?	When was there an attempt to reform the law of the EU?	What did ITV increase their yearly offer for control of the rights to broadcast the Primer League to?	What was the pedestrian mall renamed?	What do these teachers NOT do?	What type of architecture is the Palace of Four Windows an impressive example of?	Who developed the first commercial steam powered device?	What kind of bureaucracy did the Normans institute?	When did the practice of wiping tapes stop?	Who recorded a version of the Doctor Who theme with spoken lyrics in the 1970's?	People behaving with civil disobedience that is not-violent is said to make society have more of what?	What did the Mongol army throw in their catapults?	What is the Chinese name for the Yuan dynasty?	If the tops of the rock units within the folds remain pointing upwards, they are called what? 	What is the only dinophyte that has a non-rhodoplast chloroplast?	How much did Saudi Arabia spend on spreading Wahhabism?	What does the W and Z boson exchange create?	What chess grandmaster is also a university alumni?	In 2011, which program became the only ABC broadcast in 4:3 standard definition?	What land was ceded to Spain?	What rank for most populous city in the European Union does Warsaw hold?	imperialism often divides countries by using which technique?	What was the Yuan's paper money called?	How many weeks each year does the food and drink festival run?	What was the Warsaw Pact war plan?	Intractable problems lacking polynomial time solutions necessarily negate the practical efficacy of what type of algorithm?	Who had the idea of a natural state for objects at rest?	A Doctor Who show featuring Vincent Van Gogh was recognized by what award?	What is Jacksonville's hottest recorded temperature?	What team was the winner of Super Bowl XXXIII?	Who is best able to leverage the accumulation of wealth?	What is another possible explanation for the source of the signals?	Who defeated Montcalm at Quebec?	How did the United States plan to subdue imperialistic tendencies? 	Who thought that the Yuan's social class system shouldn't be called social classes?	What is one straightforward case of a probabilistic test?	Granite is made up largely of what chemical compound?	What can orthogonal forces be when there are three components with two at right angles to each other?	How many membranes does the haptophyte chloroplast have?	What makes the tentilla of euplokamis different from other cysippids?	What did the king do to regarding Huguenot education?	Why did Tesla avoid by fleeing Smiljan?	The West saw themselves as what compared to the east?	What can be combined with geophysical data to produce a better view of the subsurface?	How were some modern economic inequalities created?	Who played the first incarnation of the Doctor in the special?	In a nuclear power plant, what is the steam turbine connected to?	How many picks did Cam Newton throw?	Which laws mentioned predate EU law?	Which tribe did Temüjin move in with at nine years of age?	What receptors do tumor cells often have reduced concentrations of?	When was the Augsburg Confession signed?	What function does ozone perform for the planet?	Who first wrote about the Rhine's discovery and border?	What did Dalton think the atomic ratios were between atoms in compounds?	What video game series did Alex Seropian make?	Who did the Panthers play in their division championship game?	What other scientist influence Frank Burnet when he was formulating his theory of immunity?	Which Carolina Panthers player was named Most Valuable Player?	How much did it cost to build the stadium where Super Bowl 50 was played?	Who fumbled the ball when tackled by Darian Stewart?	Who founded Telnet 	How many of the four field goal attempts did McManus succeed at during SUper Bowl 50?	Friedrich Ratzel thought what was needed for a state to survive?	What is the name of the process which confirms the primality of a number n?	How much did the statement predict global surface temperature would increase by 2100?	During which period did Jacksonville become a popular destination for the rich?	With whom was Temüjin's first important alliance?	What denomination is associated with Saint Kentigern College?	The rocks at the Grand Canyon have been in place since when?	In an ideal moral society, what would all citizens be free from?	Where was Genghis Khan buried?	What network aired Super Bowl 50?	What is another country that permits physicians to give out drugs from within their practice?	Where are teachers recruited from?	The largest objects in the V&A ceramics and glass collection were produced in which countries?	Who is the NFL's vice president of brand and creative?	Where did the Chinese Nationalists move the mausoleum away from advancing Chinese Communist forces? 	Why is the public library known as a people's university?	What is the polish word for wreaths?	What was restored in the sculpture gallery during its renovated in 2006?	Since Luther believed that the Turks were sent by God, what was their purpose?	What is the status of most chloroplast genes in the mitochondrion?	Century City is an example of a district that belongs to which city?	What did the use of steam engines in farming lead to?	Who was Louis XIV's main rival?	Who created the nation's first aviation community?	Approximately how many items are in the V&A's textiles collection?	Who is the archenemy of Doctor Who?	Along with Dan Fouts, who served as a color analyst for the radio broadcast?	Who did the NIF regime harbor prior to 9/11?	What is the largest suspension bridge in Germany?	What early Greek wrote about experiments on air and combustion?	Who won the battle of Lake George?	Where was Luther mostly concentrating his efforts on reform?	Who mentored Buyantu?	How did Genghis Khan observed the surrender terms after Samarkand fell?	Where was the Manned Spacecraft Center located?	Who handled the color commentary for Denver's radio stations?	Where do other tourist events happen in Victoria outside of Melbourne?	What problems did the Yuan dynasty have near its end?	What organization is the IPCC a part of?	What is lower in countries with more inequality for the top 21 industrialized countries?	what did the UK parliment hear that a subscription to BSkyB was?	Stephen Eilmann demonstrates covert law breaking in Nazi Germany.   Citizen's illegally had been doing what? 	How do you determine the acceleration of a rope when two people are pulling it?	By what name was the Mongol army that finally conquered Bulgaria known?	What organization did General Gaafar al-Nimeiry invite members of to serve in his government?	When did the last glacial start?	What did Paul-Louis Simond establish in 1898?	How far apart are some of the neighborhood's features?	How long was Warsaw occupied by Germany?	What city later became Beijing?	How many square kilometres of the Amazon forest was lost by 1991?	In what city's Marriott did the Panthers stay?	What lands were reserved for natives?	Which airport is home to the busiest single runway in the world?	What does the Secret History say Genghis Khan was doing when he sustained his mortal injuries?	How many people does the Greater Los Angeles Area have?	The censuring of the Santer Commission  resulted in which main case?	What did Luther's degree in 1509 concern?	Who sets the legislative agenda in Victoria?	Why was CBS unable to broadcast the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II?	If two thirds of the Rhine flows through Waal, where does the other third flow through?	In Schmidberger v Austria, the Court of Justice came to the conclusion that Austria didn't infringe upon article 34 by failing to ban a what?	Who escaped when Temüjin emerged victorious in his conflict with Toghrul?	In 2013-14, NBC finished behind what network in the ratings?	What day was Super Bowl 50 media day switched to?	How significant was the transfer of disease through fleas?	What are other alternative names for French and Indian War?	How many study contracts were awarded on October 25th?	What instrument became a national instrument in Germany?	What year did the Financial Interest and Syndication rules result in ABC's decision to split ABC Films into two companies?	When did oil finally returned to its Bretton Woods levels?	Who is the gallery of Indian art named after?	How many crank rotations are there in an engine cycle?	How long did Western Europe control Cyprus?	What river separates Jacksonville?	How high in miles did the first block, AS-201, reach when launched?	What type of number generators make use of prime numbers?	If the head of government refuses to enforce a decision of the highest court what terminology could be used?	The point at which different radiometric isotopes stop diffusing into and out of the crystal lattice is called what?	What is the Proto-Germanic adaptation of the name of the Rhine?	Which set of countries have higher economic mobility than the United States?	What broadcast group is the largest operator of ABC stations?	How many former MVP honorees were present for a pregame ceremony?	What does legend say Genghis Khan used to obliterate the Kharezmid emporer's place of birth?	What was Manning's passer rating at the end of the season?	What is the applicant admission rate for class of 2019?	Who was hired to produce ABC's 2001-02 identity?	Who does the Presiding Officer submit the final bill to?	Even in large firms, architects, interior designers, engineers, developers, construction managers, and general contractors were more likely to be what?	Who handled the play-by-play for WBT?	What did John Paul II's visits in 1979 and 1983 encourage?	What is only found in peridinin-type chloroplasts?	All Italian chocolate is made from what alone?	What vehicle did Doctor Who use for his escape from Gallifrey?	On which corner is the shopping center located?	Why did Harvard end its early admission program?	What do some community pharmacies do?	When did he talk about his beliefs in an interview?	From where was the Muslim historical figure Attar, whose murder by the Mongols was long remembered?	What British General negotiated at Montreal?	How many private schools existed in New Zealand in April 2014?	How high did the Doctor Who theme go on the radio charts?	What do FtsZ1 and FtsZ2 combine into?	What is  the time rate of change of electric charge?	What is considered as a potential advantage for wealth for some Americans?	How many miles from the north Sea is Newcastle?	What did Thoreau ask a public figure the taxman to do?	How well did Kenya do in the Beijing Olympics?	What is generated between a surface and an object that is being pushed?	When was the first Sino-Japanese War?	Where is the Asian influence strongest in Victoria?	What is one function that prime numbers have that 1 does not?	When did the Shah kingdom start to collapse?	How many doctors were in Kenya in 2011?	Where did Luther describe the resting place of the saints?	What is one work by Olivier Messiaen?	What public entity of learning is often target of civil disobedience?	What is the most important type of Norman art preserved in churches?	What type of undergarment, if any, was included into the Apollo spacesuit?	Which US President visited Jacksonville in 1888?	When did Setanta Sports say it would launch as a subscription service?	What cytokines are responsible for communication between white blood cells?	Who destroyed the most valuable relics in the mausoleum during the Cultural Revolution?	When did the Meuse and Waal merge?	How are packets normally forwarded	From what Bible book did the crew of Apollo 8 read from during this stream of images?	What month, day and year did Super Bowl 50 take place? 	Why were Northern Chinese ranked higher?	How many days was the 1996 film shown ahead of the BBC showing?	What religion's schools were integrated into New Zealand public schools between 1979 and 1984?	What was the final score of Super Bowl 50? 	What is the function of the TARDIS?	What received a battering during the Siege of Newcastle?	Where did these uprisings take place?	How many species of insects are known in the region?	What are the 3 post popular libraries for undergraduates in the Harvard system?	Who made their Super Bowl commercial debut with Nintendo?	Who did John Elway play for in Super Bowl XXXIII?	What does the Pink Triangle have a range of?	Phagocytosis first evolved as means of doing what?	What can the exhaust steam not fully do when the exhaust event is insufficiently long?	What is one way in which graphs can be encoded? 	What language is used in Chinese secondary schools in Malaysia?	What natives were displaced by British takeover in Florida?	Who was Westinghouse's chief rival?	What typeface are the letters in the iconic ABC logo reminiscent of?	When was the regime in Pakistan overthrown by General Zia-ul-Haq?	What is the estimate of how many physicians give out drugs on their own?	Who caused the dissolution of the Holy Roman Empire?	In the mid 18th century, who did not concur that 1 should be the first prime number?	How much retail activity does the neighborhood have?	Who played the companion named Donna Noble?	In what treatment are nonconservative and conservative forces described?	What did Sasse proclaim Luther to be?	Which year resulted in the suspension of one of the two soccer teams?	What was part of the aftermath of the elections in 2007?	When do chloroplasts produce defense signals?	What is one of the largest city center shopping complexes in the UK?	What type of regime ruled over Sudan for many years?	How near to his death was the work published?	What may a force on one part of an object affect?	How many total judges are there in the EU?	What are there no longer limitations on since 1990?	What is the seldom used force unit equal to one thousand newtons?	In what year did William Maclure begin the process of creating the first geological map of the U.S.?	Who is also known at the father of the hydrogen bomb?	How many miles south of San Jose is the north - south midway point located?	What entity did ABC sell KXYZ to in 1983?	What is the name of the area past the border that the megaregion extends into?	What device is used to test the magnetic attractions involved in liquid oxygen?	If two integers are multiplied and output a value, what is this expression set called?	How many bits are typically used in the primes for the Diffie–Hellman key exchange?	What service did Verizon customers need to use to stream the game on their smartphones?	What dynasty came after the Yuan?	What kind of disorders occur when part of the immune system isn't active?	A molecular phylogeny analysis confirmed that cydippid are not what?	What was Michael Eisner's main credit in his time at ABC?	What does the bathocyroe and ocyropsis do to escape danger?	What is the most common Xanthophyll?	What does AFC stand for?	Where was the Continental Edison Company located? 	What do a great majority of rocks sampled from the moon show?	When did Archbishop Albrecht send Luther's letter containing the 95 Theses to Rome?	From what type of materials must liquid oxygen be separated?	The west side of Fresno is the center of which ethnic community?	How many extended metropolitan areas are there?	Why were the 2011 Special Reports issued?	How long does it take to get to the middle of Newcastle from its outskirts when riding the rails?	Who took control of Edison's company.	What two talk shows are currently featured during daytime programming on ABC?	What is stratigraphy?	What did the Salafi movement put emphasis on?	What month is the warmest in Fresno?	What does the Secretariat Wing house?	How many solo sacks did Von Miller have in the game?	What is an etioplast?	Who did the BBC work with to reconstruct some of The Invasion episodes?	What is the Norman architecture idiom?	When did ISIL pledge allegiance to al-Qaeda?	What are the points of algebro-geometric objects?	During 2012-2013, how many student were able to take the Core classes at a single time?	Super Bowl 50 determined the NFL champion for what season?	What are phycobilisomes?	In what districts are the registration numbers for cars all of the same type?	Where does the Amazon region rate among the entire earth for its amount of biodiversity?	In which city was Tesla's consultant job for Westinghouse?	Bounding of time and space or similar measurements is often used by algorithms to define what?	When was the Teaching Council Act passed?	How many photosynthetic carotenoids are there?	What brought Warsaw's stock exchange to a stop?	Why did the 5th president of the university decide to get rid of the football program?	What kind of state was the Khwarezmia?	What happened during the plugs-out test during the delay for the spacesuit odor? 	The transportation law allows personal aircraft to share the roadways with what?	What is the name of the state that the megaregion expands to in the east?	What was the horsepower put out by the turbines in Waterside Power Station	When is the oldest recorded incident of civil disobedience?	What sort of motion did Watt's steam engine continuously produce?	Who was limited by Denver's defense?	What modern city did Khanbaliq become?	What is an example of a problem to which effective algorithms have provided a solution in spite of the intractability associated with the breadth of sizes?	Colonialism often means a country doing what?	What entity owns V/Line?	What measurement do scientists used to determine the quality of water?	What is the English translation of tawhid?	What is the main denomination of Christians in Kenya?	What type of immune systems are found in all plants and animals?	How many total acres is Woodward Park?	The term may be related to what politician from Switzerland?	What were Mohammedanism and the Turk?	Who was the head of the household that Temüjin joined when he was nine years old?	When did Landau propose his four conjectural problems?	How sure did the statement say scientists were that temperatures would keep rising?	What is another plague thought to have spread the same way?	Who described Kublai's China to Europe?	Since what year did the university offer a doctorate in music composition?	In what year did Tesla receive a Nobel Prize bid?	What was the principle shown in The Mark of Anarchy?	What is a a developing economy's level of inequality bulging out called?	In what month is the university's scavenger hunt?	Who provided Spanish-language commentary alongside Raul Allegre?	What party had a victory in the 2015 UK election?	Where did Aristotle believe the natural place for earth and water elements?	What injury did Manning suffer the summer before the season started?	Was is the name of the Torchwood series that was mostly based in the US?	What was the last name of the player who took the ball away from Newton late in the fourth quarter?	What net loss did the Conservatives suffer?	Orientalism refers to how the West developed a what of the East?	How many tackles did Von Miller accomlish by himself in the game?	The French thought bringing what would uplift other regions?	Where is the European Court of justice likely to get inspiration from?	Where were the Devonshire Hunting Tapestries made?	When was the Lisbon Treaty established?	How thick are chloroplasts in land plants?	How many counties initially made up the definition of southern California?	What are the molecular outputs for photosynthesis?	Hutchinson Hall was designed to look like what Oxford hall?	What right do private schools have that public schools don't?	What omen was Genghis Khan reported to have seen assuring his coming victory against the Tanguts?	What was the overly generous royalty amount that Tesla had been receiving? 	Under which Directive did the EU harmonize restrictions on restrictions on marketing and advertising?	What is the force between nucleons?	What entity was rumored to be sold by ABC in between May and September 2005?	What have studies on income inequality sometimes found evidence confirming?	what did Tesla think nitrous acid contributed to? 	On what English calendar is Luther commemorated?	What was the newer county added to the list?	What is Engineering News-Record?	Who develped the theory of relativity?	Which State Route has been in discussion to upgrade to interstate standards?	Whic Carolina Panthers running back was waived?	Besides declaring Luther to be an outlaw and banning his works, what else was decided?	Who is the hero who killed a dragon on the Drachenfels?	Who is the museum named for?	Who lived in a tree to prevent it from being cut down as a form of civil disobedience?	Which findings suggested that the region was densely populated? 	What halftime performer previously headlined Super Bowl XLVIII?	What Goldman Sachs CEO is also an alumni of the University of Chicago?	Who objected to Tetzel's collections of money to free souls from purgatory?	When did Dyrrachium  fall to the Normans?	How many PD rings are there?	What is the least number of members a board of trustees can have?	Jellyfish and sea anemones belong to which group/	What occurs after a dive in which a diver decompresses too quickly?	What is considered the epitome of the Rhine romanticism? 	In what year did Roger Rocka's Dinner Theater & Good Company Players open?	What was put on pylons for Super Bowl 50?	What set is a seat added to after being allocated?	Finding what helps to determine if a fault is a normal fault or a thrust fault? 	When did Jamaa Islamiya renounce violence?	When was Victoria first settled?	What ABC series originated as short segment on Love, American Style?	How much area does the University Library garden cover?	What uprising began in 1351?	Which parish church in Newcastle is typically agreed to be the oldest one in town?	In what year did Luther get his degree?	Combustion is caused by an oxidant and a fuel. What role does oxygen play in combustion?	What was the last game that Elway played as a quarterback for Denver?	How did the new king react to the Huguenots?	Besides the analytic property of numbers, what other property of numbers does number theory focus on?	Why are coastal species tough?	Besides Confucianism, Buddhism, and Islam, what religions were tolerated during the Yuan?	Jellyfish ans sea anemones belong to what phylum?	How many tons of living plants are in the rainforest?	How far from the Yard is the Quad located?	What did Luther speak out about in Saxony?	What differs about secondary chloroplasts' membranes?	When was the Sierra Sky Park Airport formed?	What is the longest river in Germany?	How much of Jacksonville is made up of water?	Which smartphone customers were the only people who could stream the game on their phones?	What Western country is corporal punishment still allowed?	How is packet switching characterized 	In what conditions were forces first measured historically?	Juvenile and adult  beroe lack what?	Why is breathing oxygen in space craft not dangerous to health?	A statement made by Chris Keates caused issues with whom?	How many yards did Brad Nortman's punt travel?	What do the Ten Commandments teach Christians how to do?	What city did Super Bowl 50 take place in?	The flags on the moon left by the U.S. manned Apollo missions are all still standing save for which mission's flag?	Health problems were lower in places with higher levels of what?	What did Gasquet's book blame the plague on?	Which of Genghis Khan's sons completed the conquest of the Jin dynasty?	Near where in the continent is it believed that the Amazon basin split?	After the merger between ABC and Capital Cities was completed, what was the resulting company known as?	Where was Austrian Polytechnic located?	When did the Cretaceous-Paleogene extinction happen?	How is the opening of the Grainger Market documented in the Laing Art Gallery?	Where did Singer hold a press conference in May 2000?	Under normal conditions, T cells and antibodies produce what kind of peptides?	Where do thrust faults form?	What division offers more then one branch of studies that don't fit in with the other four?	What do the three richest people in the world posses more of than the lowest 48 nations together?	Name one way in which a person can become a Professing Member?	Why are newly discovered oil sold at a higher price?	How much correspondence did Tesla send Morgan in the five years following 1901?	What have some inverted repeats become?	Who ran for a Carolina touchdown to make the score 10–7?	Le grand concludes that an author's words offer only what they intended for them to imply regarding this type of terminology?	Why did Kublai's successors lose control of the rest of the Mongol empire?	How many volumes are contained in the library?	How would one write T(n) = 7n2 + 15n + 40 in big O notation? 	What major event U.S. occurred that made the BBC delay the broadcast?	Where is the chloroplast peripheral reticulum less commonly found?	What version of Windows supported the CBS sports app?	How many species of Ctenophores have not been fully described or named?	What was the white population of Jacksonville as of 2010?	What makes red algae red?	Upon what chemical characteristic is oxygen's solubility dependent?	What was the memoir entitled which was submitted to the American Philosophical Society?	Which Doctor returned for the "Children in Need" show?	How many universities does Newcastle have?	Who was thought to have killed Tugh Temur?	How many will the host committee dedicate to local charities?	What branch is independant of the other branches?	What animals may have been stampeded over Genghis Khan's grave site?	Besides Britain and North America, where else did Huguenot refugees settle?	Which articles state that the member states' rights to deliver public services may not be obstructed?	What is the only district in the CBD to not have "downtown" in it's name?	Savannah areas expanded over the last how many years?	When were the Daleks reintroduced in the revival series?	When did Zhu Shijie die?	What does the Discovery Museum draw attention to?	What is the second level of territorial division in Poland?	That does TARDIS stand for?	When was the agreement to acquire ABC approved by UPT's board?	What kind of light is important for chloroplasts to divide?	How many BAFTA Cymru Awards has Doctor Who received?	What is the name of the Pulitzer Prize novelist who was also a university alumni? 	What will ensure and create the framework for the Action Plan to work?	What years did the original Doctor Who series run?	What is the name of a uniflow engine that takes in steam in hot areas and exhausts it in cold?	How many times did plague occur in Venice?	What was the name of the Mongol Empire's legal code?	What equation desribed the physics of force before the current Schrodinger equation?	When was the coldest temperature in Newcastle recorded?	What Harvard Alumni was the Palestine Prime Minister?	What is Norman art's most well known piece?	Where was Tesla's property sent?	What is the main purpose of the jurisdictions and central conferences?	What path does a ball thrown up and down in a moving vehicle take when seen by an outside observer? 	What food bacteria is an example of intracellular pathogenesis?	On what basis do the radical Islamist organizations conduct their attacks?	What's one factor in eroding self-esteem?	Who created ABC's Wide World of Sports?	What magazine did Tesla talk to about the strange signals?	What gender is less willing to travel or relocate for work?	Who is called by God, affirmed by the church and ordained by a bishop?	What is the name of one type of modern primality test?	How do chloroplasts trigger the plant's immune system?	Why do polar water bodies support a higher amount of life?	What country is this statistic for?	What is a term that means constant temperature?	What team received the opening kickoff?	What is partially responsible for weakened immune response in older individuals?	Where did the earliest item in the V&A glass collection come from?	The UMC supports research on what cells retrieved from umbilical cords?	How many MSPs are there?	What is the name of the basin that was created from a enclosed lake?	How many fumbles did Von Miller force?	Later chronicles of Genghis Khan's death implicate a princess from what empire in his death?	What local radio station is broadcast by the Corporation from the Pink Palace?	What condition what must be satisfied in order for 1/p to be expressed in base q instead of base 10 and still have a period of p - 1?	Antibodies are transferred to the gut of the infant through what means?	How wide is the Rhine in Germany?	What were Tyneside flats built as?	On what date did the NFL announce that Coldplay would headline the halftime show?	How much did advertising revenue increase for ABC between 1953 and 1958?	How long was Warsaw the capital of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth?	 What entity has taken the view that the goals of free trade are underpinned by the aims to improve people's well being?	What network was launched by ABC in 2004?	What effect does trade with richer countries have on the workers in poorer countries?	Gamma delta T cells share the characteristics of what other types of T cells?	What was extent of Celeron's expedition?	What movie company paid to have the next Jason Bourne movie ad shown during the Super Bowl?	What kind of interethnic marriage became common in the Jin dynasty?	What are the two different types of immunity?	Where do ctenophora live?	In local Alemannic dialect, what is the the singular form of the names of the islands formed by the Rhine?	Who receives higher salaries at private schools that charge higher tuition?	What is the income inequality gap between genders in Botswana?	What religion is St Cuthbert's High School dominated by?	What was the Dutch leader's religious affiliation?	What was the style of Luther's salute at the end of his speech?	What does the film of oxide on metals delay?	When would the occupation of allies leave Rhineland?	What are the specific divisors of all even numbers larger than 2?	In what show did Murray Gold modify the closing credits theme?	As a person gets older, what does the skin produce less of?	Who moved his court from Kraków to Warsaw in 1596?	What year did BSkyB acquire Sky Italia?	How do private schools in Ireland differ from most?	What are two basic primary resources used to guage complexity?	Who voted against Jacksonville's annexation?	Down to how many laws did Tesla believe the fundamental laws could be reduced?	After what event did the Spanish concede Florida to Britain?	What other aspect of Luther's life was affected by his health?	Whose chandelier grace the rotunda at the V&A's main entrance?	How many ministries of the Scottish government does a committee typically correspond to?	Who was the Panthers head coach for the 2015 season?	What is the basic unit of territorial division in Poland?	What Newcastle road heads west to Carlisle?	How long would this coalition last?	What character on Coupling is a Doctor Who fan?	In which year was the Musical Instruments gallery closed?	In what year did Newcomen's engine pump in a mine?	Local church and certified  are two types of what?	Miller-Boyett Productions was a studio affiliated with what company?	In what year was Wisconsin v. Yoder decided at the Supreme Court?	What secret did he sever family ties to keep hidden?	Concrete bounding of computation time frequently produces complexity classes contingent upon what?	Which famous evolutionist was influenced by the book Principles of Geology?	What portion of bird species make up the world's total live in the rainforest?	How are existing teachers and non-teachers vetted?	Who did the Broncos tie with the most sacks in a Super Bowl?	In 1962, who was responsible for the authorship of a paper published on real time-computations?	What persons were not allowed to settle in New France?	What did frozen subsoil and expanded alpine glaciers begin to do?	What may members question the First Minister about directly during First Minister's Question Time?	What was the daily distance walked by Tesla?	How many people attended the 2003 IPCC meeting?	In which year did a toxic waste spill from a European ship prompt the Commission to look into legislation against waste?	What American actor is also a university graduate?	What is another term for excessive compression?	According to Luther what justifies us?	What conviction did many Poles have regarding how the Varsovians thought of themselves?	How can pyrenoids replicate?	What are three examples of complexity classes associated with definitions established by probabilistic Turing machines?	In modern times, firms may offer themselves as what for a construction project?	Where is the airport located?	Why is it important to precisely date rocks within the stratigraphic section? 	Strictly speaking who was included in DATANET 1	Who produced the illumination for the 1524 Charter that is in the V&A library archive?	How many folks died of plague in Newcastle in the 1630s?	What surrounds the church of St. Andrew?	What is the oldest Methodist church in continuous use in the United States?	What was an additional projected effect of the attempted reform?	Why do some tribes use remote sensing technology?	Does BSkyB carry any control over a channels content?	From which period did the objects in the Soulages collection come from?	What was the total number of patents that Tesla had?	The door on the Block II design was eventually replaced with what kind of model?	How long did the fighting last in Seven Years War?	What provided for the creation of new orders known as "provisional elder?"	What are the little tentacles that cydippids have called?	What type of people were being brought back to the way of truth?	When did the last glacial end?	Trotsky thought what was needed for a true Russian revolution.	What compounds are released by injured or infected cells, triggering inflammation?	What actually causes rigidity in matter?	The term Huguenot was originally meant to confer?	Outside of its use of automobiles, what else is southern California famous for using?	When was the St. Bartholomew's Day Massacre?	What type of creature is usually Doctor Who's companion?	What is the name of an algebraic structure in which addition, subtraction and multiplication are defined?	Why does unemployment harm growth?	How many affiliates does Sinclair Broadcast Group service or own?	Which Panthers RB scored 6 TDs in the 13 games leading up to Super Bowl 50?	Plants lack what kind of immune cells?	In what year did Pierre de Fermat declare Fermat's little theorem?	The region spans which mountains other than the Transverse ranges?	Where was Montcalm focusing the defense for New France?	Other than the US and Britain what was the other main country that Tesla had patents granted?	What does Kuznets' curve predict about income inequality given time?	What kind of water body is rumored to be obscuring Genghis Khan's burial site?	Where is the oldest pharmacy stated to be located?	What profession was Nathan Alterman?	What has risen to be a factor in teaching today?	What could someone be investigated for?	The Roots miniseries was based on a novel by what author?	How many years does the V&A's collections span?	What was East and Central Africa's economy boosted by?	Where did Montcalm move his heaquarter to show strategic advancement?	When was the last time California hosted a Super Bowl?	Which two compounds did Al-Muwaffaq differentiate between?	What is the term for an Indian private school?	Why aren't the examples of bouregois architecture visible today?	What was Luther's Disputation of Martin Luther on the Power and Efficacy of Indulgences later called?	What does the Museum of the Polish Army portray the history of?	What books did Bayle publish?	What is the expression used to represent a complexity class of counting problems?	How many of the following three fourth quarter drives after the field goal makng the score 16-10 ended in punts?	What chemist managed to make enough liquid oxygen to use for study?	Which major cities in Eastern Europe were not destroyed by the Mongol invasion?	In what year was the trial of Rev. Jimmy Creech?	What did he make the employee do when he didn't like her outfit?	What was the average budget for ABC Movie of the Week films?	Which parts of the Earth are included in the lithosphere? 	Clergy usually serve as what in local congregations?	Who was Ogedei's wife?	Which series version had a negative reception from some Doctor Who viewers?	When did Michael Eisner first join ABC?	Why did Luther condemn vows of celibacy?	What campaign did the Communist regime initiate after WWII?	What is Psalm 31:5?	When did the KMJ-TV first broadcast?	How might gravity effects be observed differently according to Newton?	In 1785 James Hutton presented what paper to the Royal Society of Edinburgh?	How were Huguenot settlers assimilated into North American society at large?	What is set up to scrutinize private bills submitted by party outsiders?	What gameshow featuring newly married people was debuted by ABC in July 1966?	What kind of immune system do bacteria have?	What is an example of a controlled substance?	What is a main advantage of the Rankine cycle?	Which country was the last to receive the disease?	What does turning sideways protect chloroplasts from?	What form of death did Jamukha hope Temüjin would allow him? 	Salafism posits that democracy is responsible for what type of horrible events of the 20th century?	Students show more interest in classes taught by what type of teachers?	Who was the founder of the Oracle Corporation?	What does the United Methodist Church use in the sacrament of the Holy Communion?	Which Australian TV station has run Doctor Who since 1965?	Who would decide on the curricula that is consistent and standard?	What group can teachers register with?	What are the two simple word responses to a decision problem?	What remained an important issue in Scottish national identity for many years?	How many did this epidemic in China kill?	What important legislation was passed by Congress for the television industry in 1961?	Who gave Tesla money to go to Prague?	Where was the disease spreading between 1348 and 1350?	First published by Sir Charles Lyell in 1830 this book was called what? 	What is an example of a virus that uses antigenic variation?	When did Great Britain colonize Australia?	In what year did Malaysia receive its independence?	How many housing units were there in 2000?	What is Raghuram Rajan's career?	What is notable about the Amazon forest when it is seen from space?	What followed The Late Show with Stephen Colbert?	There is criticism that the energy policies are expensive quick fixes that ignore which facts?	To promote accessibility of the works, what did Luther remove?	What do supporters of Islamism believe their views reflect?	What was the importance of the congress?	What event was the worst example of Huguenot persecution?	Who directed Stormy Monday?	When was the color crimson adopted at Harvard as official color?	What was Luther's marriage seen as by others?	In 1755 what fort did British capture?	What do C4 plants need?	Other than Universal and Warner Brothers, what other company runs a major record company?	What were European countries doing during the 1700's?	What device is a dry cooling tower similar to?	What did Shrewsbury note about the plague?	What do increased greenhouse gases cause?	Where is the Tyneside Bar located?	Why do people chose civil disobedience to protest?	What does photosynthesis release into the Earth's atmosphere?	How was Luther presented as an image to spread Protestantism?	Whose likeness is on the larger denominations of Mongolian currency?	What is  565 °C the creep limit of?	What country did ABC expand in to in the mid-1960s?	How many forced fumbles did Thomas Davis have?	In which case did the Court of Justice state that refusal to admit a lawyer to the Belgian bar because he did not have Belgian heritage wasn't able to be justified?	Which phylum is more complex than sponges?	What was Thoreau's punishment for not paying his taxes?	Which ctenophora have been studies the most?	What team did the Panthers defeat?	What book did Martin Luther translate to impact German culture?	 What modern formations do geologists study?	What is the clarity of liquid oxygen?	In what year was the Interstate Highway System created?	Inspired by Shelley what was the name of Gandhi's doctrine?	What company confirmed that Beyoncé would participate in the Super Bowl 50 halftime show?	What group of scientists seek to measure the amounts of oxygen in marine animals?	Students exposed to an enthusiastic teacher usually did what more often outside class?	What native chief travelled to French fort and threatened Marin?	What do some theories claim about civil disobedience?	How much of Warsaw's population was Jewish?	In the most common construction procurement, who acts as the project coordinator?	Relegation to secondary status for ABC resulted in viewership how much lower than their competitors, according to Goldenson?	University of Chicago scholars played a major part in what development?	Graham Gano kicked a field goal of how many yards?	What was the Italian title of Polo's book?	Who was the Jin dynasty defector who betrayed the location of the Jin army?	Who registered the most sacks on the team this season?	What does oxidative phosphorylation do?	What is the medieval Esteve Pharmacy used as at present?	Of Warsaw's inhabitants in 1901, what percentage was Catholic?	In the Philippines, what percentage of secondary school students attend private schools?	Which station covered the game for North Carolina?	When was the European portion of the Seven Years War complete?	What Yuan policies did Muslims dislike?	What is this doctrine of God appointing authorities called?	Where are some words from the Geordia dialect used?	where is the Victoria and Albert Museum located?	Who is known as the first Keeper of Fine Art Collection at the V&A?	What force acted on bodies to retard their velocity?	How many full time teachers does Victoria have?	What organization runs the public schools in Victoria? 	How many scientists called to change the IPCC in Feb 2010?	What does private ownership create a situation of?	What type of missions were approved by Mueller after the incident?	In the layered model of the Earth there are seismic discontinuities in which layer? 	Before dinner what were Tesla's working hours?	What kind of cell did cynaobacteria enter long ago?	The UMC believes that Jesus abolished the death penalty in what Bible verse?	What period was 2.5 million years ago?	The speed of the killing response of the human immune system is a product of what process?	What are the small tentacles on Cydippids called?	How did Natives in Logstown take Celeron's information?	What book was Iqbal's seven English lectures published as?	How long after a banquet with Tugh Temur did Kusala die?	When rock folds deep in the Earth it can fold one of two ways, when it buckles upwards it creates what? 	When did Luther receive a degree in Biblical studies?	How are incomes distributed in Sweden?	What does it mean when currencies are left to "float?"	What lesson did Johann von Staupitz teach Luther  repentance was?	How many homes had BSkyB's direct-to-home satellite service available to them in 2010?	What is the French name for the Rhine? 	The present Mediterranean Sea descends from what sea?	What television trend are Charlies Angels and Three's Company an example of?	What did he hope to locate underground?	Who asked Luther to return to the city?	What government agency supervised Buddhist monks?	An 1821 full size oil sketch of which famous British painting was donated by John Sheepshank's daughter in 1888?	How man of Grainger Town's 450 buildings are listed?	What do supportive teachers spend more time doing?	How does the secondary theory say most cpDNA is structured?	Where are the rows of combs located?	Why was AC electricity gaining popularity?	How much can the SP alter income tax in Scotland?	What does oxygen cause to form on metals?	Besides rivers, what shapes the sedimentation of the rivers?	What kind of human T cells respond to common molecules produced by microbes?	On what date did the first railway trip in the world occur?	What did Luther use to celebrate worship?	What is Warsaw's name in the Polish language?	WHat were features of Apple Talk 	How old was tesla when he became a US citizen?	What are environmentalists concerned about losing in the Amazon forest?	What was used to from political alliances among the Mongolian tribal confederations?	Who is currently the President of the Council?	Highways built in the Amazon rainforest were built primarily for what kind of farmers?	Who is an example of the diversity of leadership in the Mongol Empire?	What do capitalist firms substitute equipment for in a Marxian analysis?	Which country rationed gasoline and heating gas?	Why do these defections occur?	What was the Colonia Agrippina's original name?	What is cpDNA's replication similar to?	What type of positions would these counties be trying to recruit for?	What are the three largest urban areas in Kenya?	What are two examples of measurements are bound within algorithms to establish complexity classes?	Apollo 17 was significant for what reason?	When was the congregation at St. George's founded?	What is Christian Perfection?	What football program was debuted by ABC in 1970?	How did Luther's tutors advise him to test what he learned?	What was the Yuan's Persian ally?	What type of mentorship does the LDS Church focus on?	When did the age of Imperialism begin?	What does the Geordie dialect keep of the older language which came before it?	What is negatively correlated to the duration of economic growth?	Who does Edward Said say is being attacked by US imperialism?	What is Harvard's most intense rival?	Who argued that the USSR had itself become an imperialist power?	Besides viniculture, what is the other dominate economic sector in the middle rhine?	What year did AGOA take effect?	In an atmospheric engine, what does air pressure push against?	Who bought the rights?	How is Genghis Khan spelled in Turkic?	What could be attributed to gravity acceleration around the Earth?	Site conditions, local regulations, economies of scale and the availability of skilled tradespeople all affect what?	What other visual phenomena accompanied Tesla's visions?	When did Warsaw become the capital of the Kingdom of Poland?	On January 7, 2016, it was confirmed that which start would join Coldplay for the halftime show?	What type of tunnels are constructed through Newcastle's city center?	Other than Point Conception, what landmark is used in the other definition of southern California?	How much food does a ctenophora eat in a day?	How far is Fresno City College from the Tower District?	Who did internet2 partner with 	Which descendant of Genghis Khan sacked Baghdad?	Who were Temüjin's three full brothers?	Along with English and mathematics, what subject replaced values education for fourth year students?	In 1940, what percentage of the population in Fresno was Asian?	What Apollo mission was first cancelled due to not being needed to build the Skylab in space, as it was pre-built on the ground?	Where did support from governmental and religious groups come from?	What did the new mass allow as regards ceremony?	What are those with lower incomes often unable to manage?	Who among Genghis Khan's subjects shared similar privileges to his close family members'?	Starting in what year has Harvard topped the Academic Rankings of World Universities?	What has caused savanna regions to grow into the South American tropics in the last 34 million years?	What was the name of the first German settlement?	what is the most controversial aspect of imperialism?	What is the region called that is the largest conurbation of the Rhine?	What format is ABC's master feed transmitted in?	Which c1622-23 sculpture by Bernini are included in the sculpture collection?	What had the number of people living in Warsaw declined to by 1945?	What administration did Ludwig Mies van der Rohe designa buiding?	When was King George's war?	Antigen specificity  allows responses that are specific to certain types of what?	How much of the indulgences went to Rome?	Ministers of what faith were trained by the university in early years?	What does the National Museum boast having from Adolf Hitler's private collection?	What year did King Sigismund III Vasa move his court to Warsaw?	In 1949, ABC had less coverage than what competing networks?	What do David Castlles-Quintana and Vicente Royuela do for a living?	What type of professionals are pharmacists?	Who was the most influential researcher among those grappling with the deficit of work surrounding the complexity posed by algorithmic problems?	What was the civil disobedience performed at the test site?	What working fluid is used in a mercury vapor turbine?	How do you avoid problems when determining forces involved on an object from two or more sources?	Whose work  corrected Aristotle's physics in the seventeenth century?	Was the plan formalized?	In what year was the World's Columbian Exposition?	How many combinatory and graph theoretical problems, formerly believed to be plagued by intractability, did Karp's paper address?	What element is found in most organic organisms?	What form of oxygen is composed of three oxygen atoms?	When is the Wianki festival held?	This person proposed explanations for the origins of earthquakes and the formation of mountains, what was his name?	Into what language did Marlee Matlin translate the national anthem?	Where was Luther's last sermon preached?	Besides taking in boarders, how did Katharina help support the family?	Who runs a service out of Newcastle's International Ferry Terminal?	How quickly can an algorithm solve an NP-complete knapsack problem?	Which basin does the dust falls over into?	What  former administrative building was used for the MSP's offices?	What parts of a conventional reciprocating steam engine could be replaced by a pistonless rotary engine?	The S-IVB-200 was used in what stage of the Saturn V?	Who upon arriving gave the original viking settlers a common identity?	Who was the number two draft pick for 2011?	What type of punishment is sometimes offered to civil disobedients?	What are presented to parliament in addition to the bill itself?	Where did ITV Tyne Tees move in 2005?	Who may introduce new laws or amendments to laws already on the books as a bill?	What were the Saxon Palace and Brühl Palace in prewar Warsaw?	What is the process by which the immune system identifies tumors called?	What were the national elections in 1991 canceled by?	What was first battle in 1754?	Rather than Roman numerals, what did the NFL decide to use?	What is the time period of this statistic? 	What did the particle do to Tesla?	What do petrologists use electron microprobes in the laboratory for?	What is the application of prime numbers used in information technology which utilizes the fact that factoring very large prime numbers is very challenging?	What was the first spacecraft to orbit another celestial body?	What is it called when steam propels a turbo generator with electric motor propulsion?	Who was Kennedy's vice president?	The modern trend in design is toward integration of what?	What should a Christian follow in his life?	What did John Dalton think that all elements were in number present in compounds?	Big O notation provides autonomy to upper and lower bounds with relationship to what? 	As of January 2016 how many digits does the largest known prime consist of?	What was Temüjin' sister's name?	Where was a beer, wine and food festival held at prior to the Super Bowl?	What was their first plan that was launched?	What has been the main reason for the shift to the view that income inequality harms growth?	What types of responsibilities might a pharmacy technician have?	What was the North American portion of War of Austrian Succession?	What did Edison Machine Works persue in 1890?	What monastery did the Saint-Evroul monks establish in Italy?	How many people, at most, have died of plague in Baghdad? 	In what year was Rose Mary Denman defrocked for openly living with a same-sex partner?	When did The German Peasants War happen?	Where was the funeral held?	Where might a teacher teach that is not inside a building?	What toxin induces apoptosis in the target cell?	Whose ideas became increasingly radical during his imprisonment? 	What is the Roman numeral for 50?	How many total tackles did Charles Johnson have in Super Bowl 50?	What do government's run that affects teachers?	When were some of Luther's best-known works published?	What is one factor that increases the importance of the pharmacy performing at a high level?	What was Warsaw's first literary cabaret?	What year was the Treaty of Amsterdam created?	Which of Temüjin's childhood friends did Toghrul suggest he also enlist?	How much is terra preta distributed over the Amazon forest?	When die Tesla turn his attention to trying to understand invisible radiant energy?	When did Herve serve as a Byzantine general?	Approximately how many items from the Islamic world are held in the V&A collection?	What type of system did Tesla suggest to Adams?	The corruption found by the Committee of Independent Experts resulted to the creation of what office?	What event was blamed on the introduction of mnemiopsis into The Black Sea?	When were Shimer College students allowed to transfer to the University of Chicago?	What kind of fiction is Tesla's work featured in?	When was this committee by Seaman established?	The Scottish Parliament may legislate as it pleases as long as the powers aren't already reserved by where?	What did Luther tell monks and nuns about their vows?	Who was the broadcaster for Super Bowl 50 in the United States?	What are two official bodies of the UMC governing coalition?	Who designed the Turner and Vernon galleries that were built in 1858-9?	What did the Soviets intend to use in spacecraft after the success of Zond 5?	What is the prize offered for finding a solution to P=NP?	How are chloroplasts similar to mitochondria?	In what year was the Great Internet Mersenne Prime Search project conducted?	What were the two forms of environmental determinism?	The practice of occupying and looting Huguenot homes was called?	What company owned NBC in the 1930s?	That there currently exists no known integer factorization problem underpins what commonly used system?	What was the Pinedale Assembly Center?	What slogan accompanied the 40th anniversary logo for ABC?	Which oil producer is a close ally of the United States?	In what two age groups is the strength of the immune system reduced?	Who was Margaret's husband?	How is the time needed to obtain the solution to a problem calculated?	What are the stages in a compound engine called?	How many receptors on a helper T cell must be bound to a MHC:antigen complex in order for the cell to be activated?	According to polynomial time reduction squaring can ultimately be logically reduced to what?	Where is the principle of proportionality recognized in the EC treaty?	What did Philip I wish to do around 1539?	How long is the Rhine?	Who normally supervises a construction job?	Which animal that lives in the Amazon river may produce a deadly shock?	How did Vaudreuil react when Johnson was seen as larger threat?	What are two examples of primitive jawless vertebrates?	What is the shortened name of the annual yacht race that takes place?	What did Queen Elizabeth II open in Newcastle in 1981?	To ensure safety of future space missions Oxygen was used at _____ of the normal pressure.	What does the water flow of the Rhine merge with after flowing through Merwede?	Which single did Beyoncé and Coldplay collaborate on?	With whom must someone who wants to teach register?	What happens if a member doesn't vote the party line?	In what year did original fiction featuring Doctor Who appear?	What objects in organisms absorb singlet oxygen to prevent harm?	What does Warsaw's mixture of architectural styles reflect?	Which theory states that Earth's features remained unchanged after forming in one single catastrophic event?	When was the Latin version of the word Norman first recorded?	Where are America's oldest collection of maps, gazettes, and atlases housed?	How is the plaster replica of Verrocchio's David displayed in the Cast Courts?	Who handled the play-by-play for the Denver radio stations?	Who brought together the former rivals at the signing ceremony?	Which company sponsored a contest called "Small Business Big Game"?	Who were two of Kublai's Chinese advisers?	What is a local pastor's official title?	How many touchdowns did Newton get in the 2015 season?	Who approached the BBC in 1989 about relaunching the show?	How many successors of Kublai was Toghun the last of?	What can increase the tension force on a load?	How long was he in bed from cholera?	Which episode featured the return of William Hartnell?	Large predators of the Amazon rainforest include the jaguar, cougar, and anaconda, what is one other example?	Who had established the Russian empire to its former glory prior to 1921?	Besides the Bondage of the Will, what other work did Luther view as a book of his?	What has replaced lower skilled workers in the United States?	What impact did the high school education movement have on the presence of skilled workers?	What is the age range of most prostitutes in Kenya?	How many Kenyans are non-religious?	What was Tesla's AC system used for in Pittsburgh?	Which Doctor Who-related song reached Number One in the UK?	What talk show followed immediately after Super Bowl 50 on CBS?	Why would one plead guilty to a crime involving civil disobedience?	What percentage of the population of Warsaw was Jewish in 1897?	By what means is imperialism usually administered?	On what date did Luther die?	Who was the ESPN Deportes sideline commentator for Super Bowl 50?	What is the term for a mathematical model that theoretically represents a general computing machine?	How much did it cost to build Levi's Stadium?	When large groups of people all boycott a system or don't pay taxes it can be considered?	Whose wall has fragments visible in places around Newcastle even today?	Where was Shirey going to be when Fort Oswego was to be attacked?	Which is more sophisticated, numericals model or an analog models of orogenic wedges? 	What lab does the university have a joint stake in? 	Which year did the price of oil drop to $10 per barrel?	Where do a majority of consultant pharmacists tend to work?	What two railroads have railyards in the city of Fresno?	What are both Branko Milanovic and Joseph Stiglitz?	What resource was mined in the Newcastle area?	Who was the main proponent of the cellular theory of immunity?	How many French people were lost to plague between 1628-31?	What company won a free advertisement due to the QuickBooks contest?	When did the ban on cigarette advertising take effect for television networks?	What does high inequality go hand-in-hand with?	Where was the Muslim Brotherhood founded?	What is Vision 2030?	Who besides the Russians are often left out of the colonialism debat?	What did he do with Wardenclyffe?	How is income inequality generally viewed by workers?	What is the name of the port city that was created?	What is inequality associated with higher levels of?	Has there ever been anyone charged with importing drugs from Canada for personal medicinal use?	What are MPs unable to vote upon?	Who noted the different current uses of civil disobedience?	How many people live in the greater metropolitan area?	What are some examples of territories where a member state is responsible for external relations?	What is the Scottish Parliament currently in the fourth of?	Which company had a commercial aired for free as a result of the Quickbooks contest?	What museum specializes in cultural history and civilizations of the Western Hemisphere?	When was the Third Assessment Report published?	Who first described dynamic equilibrium?	What year saw the earliest recorded use of the steam engine indicator?	What did vBNS do 	What type of commutative ring does the Lasker–Noether theorem express every ideal as an intersection of primary ideals in?	What helped spread Protestantism in France?	what sort of design was this motor?	When did Genghis Khan capture the Jin dynasty capital?	Which outbreak was associated with troops in the thirty years war?	How do socialists think the means of production should be owned?	Who purhcased the remaining 4 pacakages available to broadcasters?	Which team in Super Bowl 50 had a 15-1 record?	In what two serials was the number of regenerations set?	In which direction did the water on the eastern side flow?	What is another way to state the condition that infinitely many primes can exist only if a and q are coprime?	How are packets normally forwarded	What book did Luther translate into German at this time?	The Rhine and what other river were accepted as the Germanic frontier?	What act sets forth the functions of the Scottish Parliament?	Who do clinical pharmacists work with much of the time?	Which country refused to content to changes in the Treaty of Lisbon 2007?	The teacher's in a platoon style teaching are usually more _____?	What network uses a red version of the new ABC logo?	Who was determined to expose Luther at this time?	What is the nickname of the female Master?	Who was the Bauhaus typeface originally designed by in the 1920s?	What type of treaty was the Lisbon Treaty?	Who was the Super Bowl 50 MVP?	Over how many studies have shown that violence is more common in societies with income differences?	What do platyctenida use their pharynx for?	Who redesigned the central garden?	What route connects Fresno with the California Central Valley?	What river was Petrela located by?	What news network did ABC launch in July 2004?	What did Tesla call his electrical effects in 1893?	Which current type was Tesla in favor of?	What is an annual meeting of all the officers of the church and any interested members?	Where is the coldest section of Victoria?	Who sets the agenda for the EU's work?	Which NASA location came around last to the idea of the LOR?	What year was Setanta Sports awarded Primeier Leage rights to broadcast?	Who was the director of the American Geographical Society in 1914?	What sections of Church dogma did Luther come to view in another way?	What is the unproven assumption generally ascribed to the value of complexity classes?	What did John Wesley originally call the experience of conversion?	What policy gave Britain dominance in world trade?	There were many Mongols with what unexpected status?	According to the humoral theory of immunity, what were the bodies immune agents?	When was the Scottish Constitutional Convention held?	What is the ability to recognize and adapt to new specific pathogens called?	After Huguenots fled France, their last remaining bastion was where?	What states that United Methodist theology is at once "catholic, evangelical and reformed?"	The Rhine first formed a boundary between Gaul and what else?	How many times more did the other nations have to pay for oil after the surprise attack?	When was the suspension by FIFA lifted?	What did the development of this fertile soil provide in hostile environment?	When rock folds deep in the Earth it can fold one of two ways, when it buckles downwards it creates what? 	What is the prophecy in Daniel that interested Luther?	What process do moderate and reformist Islamists work within the boundaries of?	Who designed the "50"?	What does the Fermat primality test depend upon?	Such protests are usually considered to be what type?	What is the main executive body of the EU?	Which comedian did a parody where a Dalek appears?	What product was notably shipped in vessels equipped with double and triple expansion engines?	In the 1980s what was the population of the amazon region?	What astronomer worked for Kublai?	What was the third city that was considered?	How would one create an empire by means of Imperialism?	What "war" was Tesla involved in?	What interpretation of Islam is, for many of the adherents, the "gold standard" of their religion?	What relationship with Israel is Sadat for?	Who had Kublai wanted to succeed him?	What is the name of the first aviation community built?	What decade marked ABC's transition to color programming?	If 1 were to be considered as prime what would the sieve of Eratosthenes yield for all other numbers?	What proclamation gave Huguenots special privileges in Brandenburg?	What makes static friction go up or down in responce to contact characteristics between an object and the surface it is on?	What is the Rhine called in French?	Who owns more wealth than the bottom 90 percent of people in the U.S.?	What is another general concept that applies to elements of commutative rings?	What does 'gram-negative' mean?	What is the largest sensory feature of the ctenophora?	What is the obligation of a pharmacy filling a prescription?	What happened to Tesla's funding once the war begun?	Who were later Yuan emperors isolated from?	What caused the dynamos to be burnt out?	Who was the Chairman and CEO of Disney in 2002?	How many residents of Seville died of plague in 1649?	By the opening of the 2008 General Conference, what was the total UMC membership overseas?	What areas did French recruit natives from?	Where is corporal punishment no longer practiced?	What was increased in November 2011?	What first prompted the regeneration concept?	What was the name of the serial where the Valeyard appears?	What is the other country the Rhine separates Switzerland to? 	How did Luther's writings sound as he became less healthy?	What list was Warsaw's Old Town inscribed onto in 1980?	What molecules act as defense signals?	What was the one linear HD channel Virgin Media carried from November 2006 to July 2009?	What gene is responsible for converting calcidiol into calcitriol?	What is the Saxon Garden in Polish?	What kind of force does not exist under Newton's third law?	What organization runs the satellite that measured dust that landed on the Amazon?	What part is added to the uniflow engine to resolve the issue in the counterflow cycle?	The Port of Long Beach belongs to which region of California?	Who designed the Sage Gateshead music center?	How much does it cost to gain entry to a parliament meeting?	Where is this housing style being developed recently?	What kind of measurements define accelerlations?	What was a popular type of variety show during the Yuan?	Most schools established by the UMC are members of what group?	What's the climate like in Newcastle?	Capital City and ABC sold the WXYZ-TV and WFTS-TV stations to what company?	ABC carries weekend events for what extreme sports competition?	What could anyone do to Martin Luther without legal consequence?	Who did Wesley appoint as bishop in 1784?	Who did Reuters claim won the 1915 Nobel prize in Physics?	Where did Tesla begin a new job at in 1882?	What style was the Warsaw Philharmony edifice built in?	Who reportedly wanted Tesla's company?	What political group began to gain support following the corruption scandal?	What is sometimes but not always counted regarding Durinskia's chloroplast membranes?	What did these flights test on the CM?	What is impact melt that some samples of moon rocks show?	What was incorporated to help slow the CM's decent back to Earth?	What are some of the accepted general principles of European Union law?	What did Tesla claim to be able to transmit?	If NP is not equal to P, viewed through this lens, what type of problems can also be considered intractable?	What were the protesters doing with Christ's counsel?	What is Kenya the home of?	What percentage of electricity was made by steam turbine in the 1990s?	How is income determined in a market with variously skilled workers?	What has shortened the Rhine river? 	When did Tesla make the induction motor?	How quick was the effect of Luther's preaching?	What runs from the riverside to higher parts of the city center?	Suzuki Chokichi's incense burner dated 1875 is made of what from material?	What is the complex "two-signal" activation of T cells referred to?	Which courts have a duty to interpret domestic law as far as possible?	Who is Methodism's revered founder?	What method was used to clear forest for crop cultivation in the amazon forest?	What are ABC's current daytime talk shows?	When was the IPCC Third Assessment Report published?	How often are elections held for the Victorian Parliament?	What is a main duty of the GPhC?	In 1990, what was the longest running primetime entertainment program in ABC's history?	What two bodies must the Parliament go through first to pass legislation?	How did von Lettow conduct his group?	Where was the first horse racetrack located?	Super Bowl 50 decided the NFL champion for what season?	Other than the 1980s, in which decade did most of San Bernardino and Riverside Counties develop?	What alumni wrote "The Good War"?	What was the name of the time the Upper Rhine form a border between France and Germany?	What is name of the function used for the largest integer not greater than the number in question?	How does adaptive/acquired immunity help in the future?	The UMC supports federal funding for research on embryos created for what purpose?	What is needed to pack electrons densely together?	What is the most common cause of injury on site?	What can be used to model tension forces?	What organization's teaching did Luther reject?	Where is the sculpture gallery now located?	What can often be predicted beforehand?	Name an extra that was added to the production of the compacts.	Who did President Kibaki run against?	How did Tesla lose his tuition money?	What magnetic and electric force acts on a charge?	How long did Julia Butterfly Hill live in a tree?	What type of ideals generalize prime elements?	In what episode did Doctor Who acknowledge having had a brother?	What are the two major subsystems of the immune system?	What type of entrepreneurship leads to advancements in technology?	Whose saying about purgatory did Martin Luther object to?	What channel replaced Sky Travel?	What is a lower rate of social goods an effect of?	When was Tesla returned to Gospic?	Levels of what things are used to determine emission factors?	What chemical element was the cause of the Apollo 1 disastrous outcome?	What type of education is sometimes present at religious schools in addition to the secular curriculum?	Who said, "Here I stand. I can do no other"?	Plant cells respond to the molecules associated with pathogens known as what?	What kind of techniques were used to create the theme?	What factor may make a teacher's role vary?	Why did natural sedimentation by the Rhine compensate the transgression bby the sea?	What was the last Doctor Who episode that Dudley Simpson wrote music for?	Which new subdivision of ABC films produced programming for U.S. syndication?	Who did the Normans team up with in Anatolia?	In what compound is oxygen found in small amounts in the atmosphere?	What war in Ireland featured Huguenot regiments?	Prior to Super Bowl 50, when were the Broncos last there?	When many people are arrested, what is a common tactic negotiating?	How high in altitude in feet could the vacuum chambers simulate?	What did giving money to the church absolve the giver from?	When did OPEC start to readjust oil prices?	How many elements did Aristotle believe the terrestrial sphere to be made up of?	Besides countries of origin and date of production, how are the textiles classified?	Which article of the Treaty on European Union states that Commissioners should be completely independent and not take instructions from any Government?	What did Johannes Agricola preach that God's gospel revealed?	What do tribes use Google Earth and GPS for?	What is the name of the latest epoch?	When did violence start in war?	What kind of disorders are the result of an overactive immune response?	Before he died, what did Tesla's father ask him to do?	In what years did Spain and Portugal join the European Union?	In a steam turbine, what are rotors mounted on?	What is an apicoplast?	What is considered the centerpiece of the Jameel Gallery of Islamic Art?	What country does the Rhine empty?	What does Obersee mean?	What year was the first manned flight with the Lunar Module scheduled?	What was Ghandi's work called?	Who named the Apollo missions?	What dual titles did Frederick William hold?	In what venue did Super Bowl XIX take place?	Who won the battle near the Helan mountains?	What is this invisible radiant energy now known as?	What tool is used in corporal punishment?	Where was Parliament temporarily relocated to in May of 2000?	What form of oxygen do marine animals acquire in greater amounts during cooler climatic conditions?	When was the divestment from South Africa movement? 	What did Luther consider faith to be?	What's the party's take on Muslim history?	What petroleum company was a Super Bowl sponsor?	How many awards has Doctor Who won?	What did Luther try to avoid in setting up his church?	What kind of company is Sky UK Limited?	What problem did some tree ring data have?	What probiotic flora is found in unpasteurized yogurt?	What is the Canal in Wesel? 	Who was a prominent Huguenot in Holland?	What was the bubonic plague mechanism reliant on?	Which court is the highest court in the European Union?	Since this was the 50th one, what was the theme color for the Super Bowl?	Imperialism extends a country's power and what?	Who did Warsaw serve as the seat for in 1529?	When did the Rhine stop being the Roman boundary?	When American car companies rolled out with their domestic replacement cars, which policy ended?	What are two of its subsystems?	What increases with the increase of income inequality?	How many men did Duquesne send to relieve  Saint-Pierre ?	What type of authority are ambulatory care pharmacists given in the U.S. federal health care system?	What are some normal breakfast foods?	What is the effect on humans of oxygen?	Where does the Rhine empty?	What does ctenophore mean in Greek?	Who contends that Luther did not intend to oppose the church?	What ABC station in South Bend, Indiana maintains digital simulcasts on a subchannel?	Why is Priestley usually given credit for being first to discover oxygen?	What stone was used for the staircase designed by J.W. Wild?	When was the Apollo project conceived? 	What did Luther devise to teach  Christianity to the congregation?	Newcastle is home to a large population of what type of person?	How much has a Lama agreed to be reborn?	What theorem was implicated by Manuel Blum's axioms?	What is the name of the United Kingdom operation for BSkyB?	After the operators are warned by the escape of the steam, what may they then do?	At what point in Luther's sermons did Schurf write to the elector?	What happened when cyanobacteria was assimilated?	What does it mean for a disease to be enzootic?	How did the plague infiltrate Alexandria?	What are the eight sermons called that Luther preached in March 1522?	What's the nickname for Newcastle's A167?	How far does one pharmacy in Croatia date back to?	How many contributing authors does an IPCC report chapter have?	How do some scholars view the Nazi use of Luther's work?	How long did Tesla hold this position?	On December 22nd 2009, ABC reached an agreement with Apple to make ABC shows available on what service?	What was the only comedy to earn a second season for the 2010-11 schedule?	Excessive bureaucratic red tape is one of the reasons for what type of ownership?	The church holds that they are equally bound to respect the sacredness of the life and well-being of whom?	Besides baptism, what shows the future of heaven to Christians?	Who is elected at the beginning of each term?	What objective would be labeled as practical?	What types of European groups were able to avoid the plague?	Where was the Rhine regulated with a lower canal?	Who led the most rapid expansion of the Mongol Empire?	What time did a river system develop in the Upper Rhine Graben?	Other than warships, what ships typically required high speeds?	Who is eligible to toss their name in the hat to be First Minister?	What title did Newcastle native Basil Hume achieve?	What are sometimes present in the boiler's firebox crown?	Who did Jamukha support that were not part of Temüjin's power base?	What was the first steam powered device used commercially?	In what month and year was the AS-258 scheduled to launch?	What term resulted from Dioscorides' book?	Economy, Energy and Tourism is one of the what?	What seldom used term of a unit of force equal to 1000 pound s of force?	What is it called when people in society rebel against laws they think are unfair?	Who is the chair of the IPCC?	Who was Tesla's secretary? 	When forces are from the presence of differnet objects, what law gives symmetry?	Which two British sculptors are now represented with the opening of the new galleries?	Who is the biggest and most advanced economy in east and central Africa?	Who did Duke Yansheng Kong Duanyou flee with?	Missing self desribes cells that only have small amounts of what cell-surface marker?	Who opened the new Parliament building on October 9, 2004?	What is the name of Harvard's primary recreational sports facility?	How often are elections for the counsel held?	What nationality are researchers Richard G. Wilkinson and Kate Pickett?	Why does Fresno only have UHF television stations?	What day was Tesla's funeral?	What does Rajan feel has created deep financial fault lines?	what did tesla do at his old school in 1879?	Dendritic cells present antigens to what cells of the adaptive nervous system?	What type of microscope is used by petrologists?	How did the final Song emperor die?	Who has released official reconstructions of Doctor Who episodes?	What years did Doctor Who win five consecutive awards?	Name one way the Plowshares organization temporarily close GCSB Waihopai?	Who said people involved in the ozone situation had "a better understanding of scientific ignorance and uncertainties"?	How many followers does The Presbyterian Church of East Africa have?	The frequent availability of what substance allowed land-based steam engines to exhaust a great deal of steam?	What radio station is located at 103.5FM on the dial in Denver?	What type of steam engine doesn't need valves to direct steam?	Iqbal worried that India's mostly Hindu population would do what to Muslim heritage and culture?	What must a project adhere to?	Which player recovered possession of the ball in the end zone?	Where does the Middle Rhine flow between Bingen and Bonn?	What is the purpose of the ASER?	Which system comes after an organism's physical barriers?	What river does Warsaw straddle?	There were many Chinese with what unexpected status?	Which Spanish officer established the settlement at St. Augustine?	Before which military campaign did Chagatai publicly dispute Jochi's paternity?	Los Angeles is in the lower part of what?	Which woman took a leadership role in the Mongol Empire while succession was being determined?	What does the flow of the Rhine being visible depend on?	By sunlight, what compound did  Priestley concentrate on to make the gas he called "dephlogisticated air"?	What Khitan leader defected to the Mongols?	What is the gauge of the Victorian rail lines?	How many yards was the field goal that made the score 13-7 in Super Bowl 50?	Which arts were often practiced together by the same artists?	Refineries, process chemical, power generation, mills and manufacturing plants are under what sector of construction?	What was Germany's central interest?	What are some advantages of hospital pharmacies?	By 1897, how much had Tesla, Brown, and Peck received in royalties and licenses over the patents?	In 2012, how many stadiums were named as finalists for hosting Super Bowl 50 before the final stadium was chosen?	ABC began to focus on what kind of series after NBC's success in 1984?	Which Doctor Who show was cancelled because it was considered racist?	What is the estimated cost of the V&A branded gallery?	How many modern types of primality tests for general numbers n are there? 	What is the primary purpose of chloroplasts?	When does rain typically fall in Jacksonville?	In what year did Tesla go to Budapest?	Sleep hormone release supports formation of immune memory by initiating what immune response?	When did the Methodist Protestant Church split from the Methodist Episcopal Church?	In what year did Tesla die?	What is circuit switching characterized by	What was the final score for Super Bowl XXXIII?	What commission was censured in 1999, and paved the way for Commissioners to abuse their power?	Who was first on the team in total tackles?	What virus did Walter Reed discover?	What is colonialism's core meaning?	ABC bought 20 acres of land in Hollwood in 1949 that would become what studio?	The university agreed to grant a degree to any graduate of affiliate schoos that did what?	What was the name of du Pont's gunpowder operation?	When does the largest traveling fair in Europe take place?	In what type of molecules are oxygen found?	Approximately how many images were digitized during the first year of the digitization project?	What is the type of oxygen production for emergency oxygen in airlines?	What is an example of an enzyme that can transform skin cells into tumors when expressed at high levels?	What is another word for diatom?	What was the date of the very first episode of Doctor Who?	What has Islamism been increasingly interdependent with following the Arab Spring?	Name a text that might be used by a religious teacher to teach.	What goal does Islamism have when it comes to society and government?	What are internet pharmacies also called?	Between 1978 an d2008 four year full time undergraduate students were required to complete how many classes outside of their concentration?	What type of surnames is their a strong presence of?	What was special about Tesla's memory?	What sports are Kenyans active in?	What did Donald Davies Develop	What was the name of New Orleans' superdome at the time that Super Bowl 50 took place?	How many granal thylakoids can be in each granum?	What is the most feared condition that divers want to avoid?	In what century was the Yarrow-Schlick-Tweedy balancing system used?	What is preserved in a closed system of forces when acted upon?	What is incorrectly thought about the outer chloroplast membrane?	When was the colony of New South Wales founded?	What does paramylon store?	What has lately been being viewed as a fundamental status of member state nationals by the Court of Justice?	What would need to remain constant in a multiplication algorithm to produce the same outcome whether multiplying or squaring two integers?  	What is the mortality rate of the modern bubonic plague?	What's the biggest difference in the teaching relationship for primary and secondary school?	What countries does Kenya compete with for long distance running?	What do later versions of the Lord's Prayer hymn still use?	In what city is the Nikola Tesla Museum?	What publication did Philip Howard work for?	What institution does Robert Barro hail from?	How many women were employed in construction in 2011?	What size are adult Ctenophora?	What goal do many of these protests have?	What is the House of Tides?	When was the debut of the 1983 special called The Five Doctors?	What is set aside for question periods in the debating chamber?	What do FtsZ1 and FtsZ2 plus ARC6 form?	Who were Chu'Tsai's forefathers?	Constitutional impasse is different from civil disobedience because does not include what type of person?	When was BSkyB's digital service launched?	Where was the FIS formed?	What is located within this district?	What field of computer science is primarily concerned with determining the likelihood of whether or not a problem can ultimately be solved using algorithms?	What percentage of prime-time TV viewership did the three big networks represent in 1980?	Who other than Tesla did Westinghouse consider for the patents?	What did Gasquet think the plague was?	What does Warszawa mean in Polish?	What award was Michelle Gomez nominated for?	What would a teacher assess the levels of a student on?	How was the ctenophore mnemiopsis leidyi introduced into The Black Sea and the Sea of Azov?	What is the systemic acquired resistance response of a plant immune system?	What are the eight comb rows on the outer surface called?	Which Family Guy episodes contain Doctor Who references?	What was the first public building to be lit by electric light in Newcastle?	How many times did Arizona turn the ball over in the NFC Championship?	The United States is divided into how many jurisdictions?	The V&A's youth outreach programme was a hallmark of whose directorship?	How many touchdowns did Jonathan Stewart have in 13 games?	Who caught a 16-yard pass on this drive?	What has partical physics made to describe sub-atomic forces?	What do all but one platycenida species lack?	What is the fastest growing area in the pharmaceutical industry?	Who started at tight end for the Panthers?	The Mark of Anarchy was written to protest against what?	How many primes were included in Derrick Norman Lehmer's list of prime numbers?	Britain's support of France in which war led to Rodin donating many of his sculptures to the V&A?	What would a teacher do for someone who is timid?	Compared to other elements, how abundant does oxygen rank?	Where do most plants have chloroplasts?	What paved the way for the Augsburg Confession?	Who began publishing Doctor Who novels in 2005?	What is the name of the third, permanent Huguenot church in New Rochelle?	Who did George Westinghouse beat out to light the World's Columbian Exposition?	Of what form do Fermat numbers take?	Where did the ABC New York flagship stations move their facilities to in 1953?	The UMC understands itself to be part of what church?	What was the Jacksonville fire later known as?	What else was used by pharmas?	From whom did the Huguenots purchase the land where they settled?	Who made Temüjin khan of the Mongols?	ABC had secondary status on the existing stations in what Ohio town?	What is Luther's opinion of what the law covers??	Where is the chloroplast polypeptide synthesized?	On what other calendar is Luther commemorated?	How much does the Rhine discharge at the Dutch border?	What graphic designer designed the ABC logo in it's most known form?	What does a writer for the International Crisis Group think the concept of political Islam is a creation of?	What is the name of the law which imposed the speed limit?	What are the three parchment-bound manuscripts of the Codex Forster called?	When was the defeat of Napoleonic France?	What did Low suggest using Apollo 8 for instead of simply orbiting the Earth's surface?	Which's of Genghis Khan's successors could not be successor because of his age?	What types of waves do seismologists use to image the interior of the Earth?	What area did the Westwood One broadcast cover?	What is featured on the city of Fresno's city flag?	In what year did BankAmericard change its name?	Who were otachi?	Why is the building on Spital Tongues known as the Pink Palace?	Who created an index of health and social problems?	What was the belief that maintaining motion required force?	How did Luther view the Ottoman Turks?	What 3 things does the Air Force work key on 	What paper is commonly considered the bellwether ushering in systematic studies computational complexity?	Who are FDA laws against importing medications aimed at?	What does the current high level of population have a large impact on?	What does ATP mean?	On what street was the Theatre Royal's replacement built?	What two scientists were proponents of the humoral theory of immunity?	Who had worked on the Saturn series even before the Apollo program began officially?	What kind of structure is a carboxysome?	What kind of experiments of rock deformation do structural geologists perform?	What percentage of oxygen will a zeolite sieve produce?	Who was the V&A's first director?	What language did the Court of Justice accept to be required to teach in a Dublin college in Groner v Minister for Education?	What is the name of one type of computing method that is used to find prime numbers?	How was scarcity managed in many countries?	What year did Newton hold the number one draft pick position?	what is the fee range for accessing BSkyB's EPG?	Whose role is to design the works, prepare the specifications and produce construction drawings, administer the contract, tender the works, and manage the works from inception to completion	Who has the task of ensuring party members vote according to the party line?	When did tides and currents similar to our current system begin?	What color was used to emphasize the 50th anniversary of the Super Bowl?	Who is Denver's defensive coordinator?	Where was Genghis Khan likely born?	Residential construction can generate what is not carefully planned?	Preschool targest what age children?	What rituals did Kublai follow to help his image?	what other digital TV service took Sky UK Limited's most popular spot?	What expression is generally used to convey upper or lower bounds?	On what date was oxygen liquefied in a stable form?	Who created the code that governed military and civilian conduct in the Mongol Empire?	What fields of study were advanced during the Yuan?	What is one avenue being compensated for by having committees serve such a large role?	What device is used to recycle the boiler water in most steam engines?	Where were the narrow gauge rail lines built in Victoria?	Going to jail accomplished what goal of civil disobedience?	When did the Untouchables debut on ABC?	When was the Ottoman Caliphate abolished?	Who did Webb recruit for better project management?	What country uses the Bowl of Hygieia as a symbol of pharmacy?	In private schools, what language are classes taught in?	When UPT bough ABC, what was the merged company called?	Why is shine-dalgarno sequence recognition important?	What are the secondary sources of primary law?	In what type of ring can prime ideals be used for validating quadratic reciprocity?	Who kidnapped Temüjin's first wife soon after they were married?	How many Offensive players from the Panthers were selected to play in the Pro Bowl?	How many color analysts were involved with Super Bowl 50?	What fish living in the Amazon river is known to bit humans?	Where is the Apostles located?	What was Tesla's reputation in popular culture?	How many interactions are all of the universal forces based on?	Which group has two layers of cells with a middle layer of mesoglea?	What was the Black Cloister?	What impact did this loss have on Abercrombie?	Who came up with the theory of relativity?	What cultural festival is the SAMA festival?	What does the currently flooded terrace still have visible?	What covered Scandinavia, the Baltics, Scotland, and the Alps in the last Ice Age?	What are the factors that are contributing to the desire to have SR 99 improved to be of interstate standards?	What can and old, ill man not do?	When did the V&A acquired the Costiff collection?	What is the name of the old north branch of the Rhine?	In what year did Harvey Martin die?	What position at ABC did Thomas Murphy stay on for after stepping down as president?	For what occasion was he put on the cover?	Who was ABC's third major rival in 1949?	______ In both liquid and gas form can fastly result in an exlposion.	What is a chlorenchyma cell?	Other than many sunny days, what characteristic is typical for the climate in souther California?	What does the internal cavity contain?	When did building activity in the palaces and churches take place in the later decades of?	What is an Islamic revival movement?	When are subject committees established?	Which organization released a California Earthquake forecast?	What is providing support networks considered to be?	When was the colony destroyed?	Who financed General Electric's attempts to takeover Westinghouse?	Who wrote about the distillation of drinking water from sea water?	What are pharmacists in the United Kingdom being increasingly paid for?	When was the the second German empire founded?	What is tertiary endosymbiosis of haptophyte chloroplasts expected to create?	When was the Russian Policy "Indigenization" defunded?	What did Tesla first receive after starting his company?	Which region invented the machine gun?	Who did the Yuan's increase in commerce help?	How much do estimations of the population during the plague vary?	Bedau notes that illegal protests towards public policy may serve as what purpose?	What did Tesla do in December 1878?	Matter particles are shown as what kind of lines in a Feynman diagram?	What Chinese system did Kublai's government compromise with?	How far is Jacksonville from Miami?	What drama from Aaron Spelling debuted on ABC in the 80s?	When was the charter for this church signed?	which years did tesla refer to as a time of terrible headaches and bitter tears?	In what year did Harvard Stadium become the first ever concrete reinforced stadium in the country?	Whose occupation of Kuwait did the US military personal seek to put an end to?	How did the Better Jacksonville Plan generate money?	What did a survey of North American Lutherans find that Lutherans felt about Jews compared to other minority groups?	What was considered responsible for the black death as well as the epidemic in southern China?	How long had John Paul II been the pope in 1979?	When was Phags-pa script invented?	What was the population of Kenya in 2014?	What was the first year that Yale and Harvard played football?	In which case did the Court state that Austria was not allowed to hold places in Austrian schools exclusively for Austrian students?	During the compression stage of the Rankine cycle, what state is the working fluid in?	On some nights how late did Tesla work until?	How many branches does the Rhine branch into?	Which district in Fresno is known as the center for the heavy metal community?	What major conquest did Tancred play a roll in?	In what unit is the size of the input measured?	Approximately how many textiles comprise the museum's collections of South and South-East Asian art?	What is the primary goal of pleading not guilty when arrested for Civil Disobedience?	What organization was led by Hasan al-Hudaybi?	What was persistent unemployment have a negative effect on?	What is an annual two-day multicultural event held in Newcastle in late August?	What would create a conflict between a problem X and problem C within the context of reduction? 	Besides Germany and Switzerland, where else is Lake Constance?	When can oxygen gas produce a toxic condition?	What were the conditions for miners in the gold fields in Victoria?	Southern California's economy can be described as one of the largest in the United States and what other characteristic?	What is stage 1 in the life of a bill?	What type of measurements result under Schrodinger equations when using operators instead of Newtonian variables?	What does Untersee mean?	The house of the Baryczko merchant family is a notable example of what type of architecture?	Who translated and printed Luther's 95 These?	Who were special guests for the Super Bowl halftime show?	In the case Geven v Land Nordrhein-Westfalen, how many hours was the Dutch woman in question working in Germany?	What did 'Da Yuan Tong Zhi' mean?	The innate immune system responds in a generic way, meaning it is what?	Among whom was Genghis Khan's empire split after his death?	How many major ice ages have occurred? 	Where are Proplastids usually found?	When is sports programming provided by ABC on Saturday afternoons?	In general, what were teachers paid in the past?	What type of committee is set down under the SP's standing orders?	How long was the Death Wish Coffee commercial?	Which team had the first kickoff?	Which organizations most commonly divide and promote the state?	What nationality was Konstantin Mereschkowski?	What decreased in number between 1984 and 1991?	On what day were images of the moon's surface transmitted to Earth via television images?	What was Dalton's erroneous formula for water?	What are two examples of different types of reduction?	Sedimentary rock can be turned into which of the three types of rock?	How many years has Thomas Davis played in the NFL?	What was the dominant housing template when industrial centres were growing the fastest?	When did the Chinese famine begin?	Why does competition among workers drive down wages?	The owner typically awards a contract to who?	If a detention asks the student to write, what do they write?	What previous work did Lavoisier experiments discredit?	Which TFEU article states that states are exempt from infringing on rights of establishment when they exercise official authority?	What is an abbreviation for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints?	when did tesla begin researching x-ray imaging?	Where and when did the investigation of the plague pathogen begin?	Who had mathmatical insite?	Who is the head coach of the Broncos?	In what year did ABC stylize it's logo as abc?	Who helped develop the first man-made self-sustaining nuclear reaction?	How many atoms combine to form dioxygen?	Who lectured at the Newcastle library on the 20th of October in 1880?	How soon after the cabin fire incident did NASA create its accident review board?	A single line connects San Bernardino, Riverside and what other county?	What drove increased rental prices in East New York?	Where did Tesla run to avoid the army draft?	What was the name of the hotel the Panthers chose to stay in during Super Bowl 50?	A complexity resource can also be described as what other type of resource?	Rudyard Kipling was an influential spokesman for what?	What is the increased rates of self-employment based on?	What is secreted by the respiratory tract to trap microorganisms?	Who's satellites would the new free-to-air channels be broadcast from?	When was the outbreak of World War I?	What inventor built on to the findings of Philo of  Byzantium?	How many tons of Saharan dust falls on the Amazon Basin each year?	What are the top 4-5% graduating students honored with?	What was left when engulfed algae was broken down?	What were the claims of corruption in the armed forces?	Who helped discover the Turkana Boy?	This causes the rock unit as a whole to become longer and thinner. 	The party awarded a seat is the one with the highest what?	What was Iqbal studying in England and Germany?	What kinds of growth did Kublai encourage?	What is the largest item from Italy that is part of the sculpture collection?	What is another word for the Earth's upper mantle?	What does damaging photosynthesis systems create?	What will the Prime Minister have power over?	Who leads the Student Government?	Which denomination has more of an individualistic streak?	Besides viniculture, what's a dominant economic sector of the Middle Rhine?	What type of vote must the Council pass in order to approve of any changes recommended by Parliament? 	Although not a fuel  ___ is the chemical compound the generates the most occurrence of explosions.	In a platoon style teaching, what gives the children security?	Outside of Northern San Diego, which other region contains business districts?	What distinction does the Bank of America Tower hold?	How many yards was the field goal Gano made to make the score 16-10?	Who is the current President and the High Representative for Foreign and Security Policy?	how many permanent objects are located there?	Along with the CISCE and NENBSE, what is a notable Examination Board in multiple Indian states?	Disney-ABC Television group merged with ABC Studios and what other entity in 2009?	Some elements of the Brotherhood directed what action against the government?	What is the most important thing apicoplasts do?	Early in the fourth quarter, The Broncos drove to what yard line of the Panthers?	What is another term for shortening the admission event?	What are the main threats facing the Amazon rainforest in the current century?	How many Grammys has Lady Gaga won?	After the Capital Cities - ABC merger, Frederick Pierce was named to what position?	What type of disability would a teacher help a student with?	What gained ground when Arab nationalism suffered?	Who did Genghis Khan charge with finding and punishing the Shah?	What lineage is Karenia in?	Which of Genghis Khan's mentors practiced Christianity?	The movements of the lobates combs are controlled by what?	Where was the boat demonstration given?	What shows were released on Laserdisc?	The defeat of the Arab troops in the Six-Day War constituted what for the Arab Muslim world?	What was the first British empire based on?	What Apollo mission was the sixth moon landing?	How is Genghis Khan written in pinyin?	What system did Tesla recommend to Niagara Falls in 1893?	What may explain why some Americans who've become rich may have had a head start?	Who is VideoGuard owned by?	The fact that not all fossils may be found globally at the same time causes the principle to become what?	What is the minimum required if you want to teach in Canada?	Which amino acids contain sulfur?	How many of the remaining launches were successful?	What direction do ctenophore swim?	When was the opening of "Super Bowl City"?	What type of group is The Islamic State?	What responses protect the lungs by mechanically ejecting pathogens from the respiratory system?	What did the initial first stages of the Saturn I tests carry?	What does LGM stands for?	Who did Genghis Khan unite before he began conquering the rest of Eurasia?	How much did the Milton Friedman Institute roughly cost?	Why should one not go to jail?	How do pathogens avoid detection?	How many NFL teams have had only one loss by the end of a regular season?	Where did John Paul II celebrate Mass in Warsaw?	What was intended to take a CSM and LM, fully fueled, to the moon?	What was the name of the locomotive that debuted in 1808?	Where is Galaxy Public School located?	What needs to be made to ensure poorer members of society can participate in economic growth?	How many interceptions did Manning have at the end of the game?	What is the process of adding structure to real property or construction of buildings?	How many bodies of water makes up Lake Constance? 	What was Tesla's mother's name?	What are the Catechisms of Martin Luther written in?	Who were the two abbots at Fécamp Abbey?	What part of the Earth is composed of mostly of silicates of iron and magnesium?	How many ABC affiliates does the E. W. Scripps Company own?	Who do coordinating lead authors report to?	What magnetic character do triplet O2 have?	How fast is pharmacy informatics growing?	What do coastal beroids not have that other ctenophora have?	What would have to be increased regarding the LM and CSM for the last five missions?	Who along with Russia supported post WW-II communist movements?	What did the NFL do to the playing field at Levi's Stadium before the Super Bowl?	What does pharmacy legislation mandate?	What is the name of the Egyptian papyrus that suggests that they may have had knowledge of prime numbers?	What surrounds Plastoglobuli?	What is the total cost of attendance in 2012-13?	What part of the Teaching Council Act requires registration?	What is the duration of Harvard Academic year?	What is the name of the spiritual teacher in Hinduism?	Who is the President of Egypt?	Where did the discharge from glaciers go in Europe in the last Ice Age?	What made the student decide to occupy the president's office in protest?	What series is the longest running program in ABC history?	What is the edcuation system currently?	Who thinks that Luther added antisemitism as a cultural element to Germany?	When did France take control of Algeria?	What resolution were the cameras increased to for the game?	Living from 973–1048 CE he was one of the earliest Persian geologists, what was his name?	What constitutional change was considered?	In what decades was Dudley Simpson most active in contributing to Doctor Who?	What US war has a large amount of Civil Disobedients?	What does the outside of the Tardis resemble?	Which nation contains the majority of the amazon forest?	What tribes supported British?	When was Qutb executed?	What kind of government does Kenya have?	Who recovered Tolbert's fumble?	Where was Edison Machine Works located?	When did the Warsaw area enlargement take place?	Where will a canonball dropped from the crow's nest of a ship land according to Aristotle?	What group operates St Dominic's College in Wanganui?	What was the name of Temüjin's wife Börte's first son?	Where was Luther buried?	What year was The Invasion originally shown?	Photosynthesis uses which energy to for oxygen from water?	What country was under the control of Norman barons?	By the late 19th century, which country had the largest empire ever to exist in the world?	What is the example of another problem characterized by large instances that is routinely solved by SAT handlers employing efficient algorithms?	What is another word for long, planar igneous intrusions?	What are EU Regulations essentially the same as in the case mentioned?	What is William Rankine's nationality?	Where did Maududi exert the most impact?	When did WJZ-TV in NYC begin broadcasting?	What rive joins the Rhine in Duisburg? 	What leader of the Swiss reformation was a student of Lefevre?	Soon after gaining Florida, what did the English do?	In Sept 1760 who negotiated a capitulation from Montreal?	In 1968, who led the team which systematized denominational doctrine?	How many areas were impacted by the the death of vegetation in the 2010 drought?	How many votes in total does the Council have?	Which city is the fifth-largest city in California?	What did Luther not mean for the new mass to replace?	Southern California is second to which island in terms of famous serf breaks?	What is the origin of clinical pharmacy?	Scholars stated that there was already an existing settlement between 2 parties prior to which date?	What third type of plea uses creative words?	What animals did Tesla care for?	How many broadcast television partners does the NFL have?	How many Huguenots were killed in Toulouse?	Where was the language Luther used in his translations spoken?	How many Muslim empires have used imperialism?	In what magazine did Tesla talk about reflecting electricity off of submarine's hulls?	What were X-rays known as at the time?	Objects of constant density are proportional to volume by what force to define standard weights?.	Which fort was rebuilt in 1964?	Who was rewarded with building the CSM?	What are Deacons granted if they are appointed as pastor in a local church?	What is very important for the growth of the economy?	What are phytoplankton?	Who did Denver beat in the AFC championship?	What group was responsible for causing more violence in Wittenberg?	What was the first US state to have compulsory education?	When were images being used to promote the spread of Lutheranism?	What is a growing sport in southern California?	What part do events in Victoria's economy  play? 	Where is the aboral organ located?	What website are teachers using to sell their lesson plans?	Who will carry the game throughout all of North America?	Who was the commissioner of the NFL in 2012? 	What event happened 66 million years ago?	What weapon does Spike Milligan use against a Dalek?	Who was the Norse leader?	What is the Mongolian name for the original place of the Genghis Khan mausoleum?	What kind of amino acids are overrepresented in epitope regions?	Who is the Costa Rican President that went to Harvard?	Early Western texts referencing the East describe the people as being what?	What else did Pamela Jelimo win after the Olympics?	What commonality do alternate machine models, such as random access machines, share with Turing machines?	What date were the top two stadium choices for Super Bowl 50 announced?	What political response was convening in June/July 1754?	What are the proteins that organisms use to identify molecules associated with pathogens?	In what does the doctrine of legitimate expectations have roots?	Which foreign forces often meddled in the Mongolian political scene?	Why did al-Qaeda tell ISIL to take a hike?	What is composed of the Area Provost/Dean ad the several District Superintendents of the Districts in the Annual Conference?	How many teams have been in the Super Bowl eight times?	What was apolitical Islam?	What was the name of Watt's partner?	What conservative international relations scholar is also a university alumni?	When did Luther write the Large Catechism?	What is the name of the team from USC?	What is a common punishment in Singapore?	Which caused the reform to never come into force?	In what year was Nikola Tesla born? 	What country is ABC broadcast in, in contrast to Disney's other channels?	How much was the 1994 earthquake estimated to have cost?	When did the European Anti-Fraud Office investigate John Dalli?	What did the SNP publicly opine about the oil revenues?	What is more fundamental than force in quanton field theory?	What does the Wessel-Datteln canal run parallel to?	Who put on a Doctor Who exhibition in 1991?	How many points did Carolina lead the NFL in scoring for offensive plays?	What did tesla incorrectly believe about x-rays?	In what major portion of living things is oxygen found?	What is the chemical that mediates Type 1 hypersensitivity?	Completing Q with respect to what will produce the field of real numbers?	The earthquake forecast models what features of earthquakes in California?	By what process can active immunity be generated in an artificial manner?	Why have Newcastle and Gateshead linked together under a common banner?	How many households has kids under the age of 18 living in them?	Activation of a helper T cell causes it to release what chemicals that influence cell activity?	Who officially opened the V&A?	What kind of chloroplasts do Euglenophytes have?	In June 1884, where did Tesla relocate? 	Inequality in the presence of credit market imperfections has what kind of effect on human capital formation?	The two AAA clubs divided the state into a northern and southern California as opposed to what point of view?	What does a country acquire as it develops?	What happened during the Apollo 7 test mission to elicit them a lesser version of the DSM?	Where did Kublai extend the Grand Canal to?	If q=9 and a=3,6 or 9, how many primes would be in the progression?	What is the comparison in price between Australian private schools versus public?	Who is the trophy featured on the logo named for?	Which conjecture holds that for any positive integer n, there is an infinite amount of pairs of consecutive primes differing by 2n?	Downtown Santa Monica and Downtown Glendale are a part of which area?	What tradition were the Saint-Evroul monks known for?	What can cause salaries to go higher than the range?	Sir Paul Pindar's house survived which 17th century disaster?	How did the Kikuyu people live?	What did Tesla do for a job that paid two dollars a day?	How are the packets routed 	What was the result of the 2007 election? 	Who demonstrated the Egg of Columbus?	What was Sky Travel later rebranded as?	How successful was initial effort by Braddock?	What is the Irish term for private schools?	How do members vote when there is a division?	Who organized the Britain Can Make It exhibition?	What is the steam engine's thermodynamic basis?	What events are often associated with volcanism and igneous activity?	What did the finding of gold in Victoria cause?	Approximately how many items comprise the jewelry collection of the V&A?	What type of soil is considered a product of soil management by indigenous peoples in the Amazon Forest?	What does a big O notation hide?	Where on the side are the two Cast Courts located?	Who wrote the paper that the "Millennial Northern Hemisphere temperature reconstruction" graph was based on?	A decision made by what entity restored Tesla's patents?	What stature did pharmacists have in the pre-Heian Imperial court?	Who was the Karluk Kara-Khanid ruler ranked above?	How was the population of mnemiopsis in The black Sea and the Sea of Azov brought under control?	Other than the San Jacinto Fault, and the Elsinore Fault, name one other fault.	What was the boat called?	Why are the small lakes in the parks emptied before winter?	What have the Dinophysis chloroplasts lost?	How many ABC music stations were owned-and-operated in 1968?	What was the name of the Doctor Who special created for Comic Relief?	University City is an example of a business district located in which city?	What kingdom annexed Warsaw in 1796?	How many biomolecules contain no oxygen?	What is the most important problem in the United States and elsewhere?	The Rhine forms an inland delta into which lake?	What does someone who completes the Initial Teacher Education (ITE) program get?	Who patronized the monks in Italy? 	Which material is the Gloucester Candlestick made from?	What is the central article of the Christian doctrine?	Who would a teacher's college be protecting?	What causes the symptoms of inflammation?	When was the last time San Francisco hosted a Super Bowl?	Up until 1990, Saudi Arabia played an important role in restraining what groups?	What is a recent civil disobedience done in a group form?	Which region of California is Palm Springs located in?	What were many pastors unable to do?	How many soldiers did Genghis Khan take with him to Khwarezmia?	What are Plastoglobuli made of?	Which player had the most interceptions for the season?	What is the KNLS responsible for?	What is the receptor that killer T cells use to bind to specific antigens that are complexed with the MHC Class 1 receptor of another cell?	Who killed Begter, Temüjin's half-brother?	What was the name given to a section of Kearney Boulevard in efforts to change the areas image?	What was the name of France's primary colony in the New World?	When did Luther and his wife live?	How much do researchers now think sea levels will rise from 1990 to 2100?	On what day was Super Bowl Opening Night held?	How is the judicial branch of the EU an important factor in the development of EU law?	What tv host and writer went to Harvard?	What is a typical configuration	Who analyzed Tesla's belongings?	Which sculpture by Michelangelo has a full-size replica in the Cast Courts?	What can result from disorders of the immune system?	How big can ctenophora grow?	What did Polo call the Yuan capital?	Where did Turabi place students sympathetic to his views?	How old were some of the oldest rock samples found on the moon?	Who may assign Elders?	On what lake did troops attack fort willima henry in winter?	How old was Newton during Super Bowl 50?	How many days after Gagarin's flight did the US House Committee on Science and Astronautics meet?	Where do pharmacists acquire more preparation following pharmacy school?	What directly opposes the force applied to move an object across a surface?	What type of organism are cyanobacteria?	What is the smalled work force sector?	How many paid holiday days do most member states require?	What did the the Europeans think the peoples in the tropics were in need of?	What is the citation for the Pierce v. Society of Sisters case?	How much money did a 1/2 minute commercial cost?	How much of the sun is made up of oxygen?	Where did the pharmacist stand in relation to the Emperor's personal physicians?	What famous person congratulated him?	From where was von Braun transferred to go to NASA?	What kind of cell wall do cyanobacteria have?	For what invention was U.S. Patent 1,655,114 granted?	What type of medicine did otachi focus on?	What does the sector known as Jua Kali engage in?	What is resposible for speeding up or slowing down an object?	What was the nationality of Jerónimo de Ayanz y Beaumont?	When was the current parliament of Scotland convened?	ABC purchased which of Edgar Scherick's company?	Name a luxury division of Toyota.	Where  by mass is oxygen a major part?	When has Toyota said it will close its Victoria plant?	What is controled by the market and economy?	What Dutch document condemned the Spanish Inquisition?	Who provided a definition of linear bounded automata in 1960?	Why do carotenoids make leaves change color in the fall?	Why are some forces due to that are impossible to model?	What type of number do modern mathematicians consider 1 to be?	While competition between workers drives down wages for jobs with a high supply of worker, whose competition drives wages up for the inverse?	How many students does the University of Chicago have enlisted?	What was the final score of the game between the Panthers and the Seahawks?	What is commonly believed to be the value relationship between P and co-NP	The urban renewal project was intended to help the residents of what neighborhood?	How many types of thylakoids are there?	What is CSNET	What theorems are responsible for determining questions of time and space requirements?	Who was the first European to travel the Amazon River?	What is the nature of the relationship between T-cells and vitamin D?	In what year did the Amazon experience its worst drought of recent history?	Along with fuel sources, what concern has contributed to the development of the Advanced Steam movement?	What did he think was everywhere in the universe?	Who figured out that his law of gravity had to be universal?	What unforeseen problem caused Tesla to hit his experiment with a sledgehammer? 	The Hawaiian Islands are made up almost entirely of what?	On whose comments is the posting on the door based?	How recently has the homes in Fresno been restored?	Persistent unemployment has what effect on long-term economic growth?	How many research institutes does the university run on campus?	How many teachers were found to have felt occupational stress in a 2000 study?	When did Luther start preaching Prophetic faith?	When did Luther produce a hymnic version of the Lord's Prayer?	When was Al-Banna assassinated?	What was Marin's orders?	What does the marginal value added by an economic actor determine?	What development did Luther's hymns translations influence?	What did Tesla begin to research in March 1896?	What other reason caused poor supply of New France from a difficult winter?	What was the episode name of Simpson's first Doctor Who score?	What are two examples of nonself entities in accordance with Frank Burnet's theory?	What South African law recognized two types of schools?	Who makes up the Student Government?	What type of relationships do enthusiastic teachers cause?	In what country can most of the Amazon rainforest be found?	Theories on imperialism use which country as a model?	What provided an incentive to western empires to colonize Africa?	How man people gather along the banks of the Vistula for the Wianki festival?	What was formed to introduce changes that would reflect the nation's sovereignty?	What was the average household size?	How many UK viewers watched the Doctor Who film?	How many passengers a year does the rail network in Newcastle carry?	What were some of Tesla's experiments?	What did John Mayow  name the part of air that caused combustion?	By which year did full sized American cars shrink to be smaller?	What was the civil war against Ragibagh also called?	What is one problem with internet pharmacies?	What television show for ABC was an adaptation of the 1947 film Wyoming Kid?	What does a Turing machine handle on a strip of tape?	When did ABC announce the restructure of ABC radio?	Who took control of Qara Khitai after fleeing Temüjin's Mongol Empire?	What are two examples of cytotoxic or immunosuppressive drugs?	When did Tugh Temur die?	What are the three primary expressions used to represent case complexity?	When did oil start getting priced in the terms of gold?	Who designed the largest item from Italy that is part of the V&A sculpture collection?	What is Kenya known for?	Decision tree is an example of what type of measure?	What river is larger than the Rhine?	For which Doctor did Keff McCulloch provide the theme?	What did the war first start out as being between?	What was the premise of Woodrow Wilson's inquiry?	Where did Moncalm slip away to attack, left largely unprotected?	What is the name of the book written by Archeologist Betty Meggers?	Which regions have temperate climates?	Who was the Most Valuable Player of Super Bowl II?	In what year was Supernanny canceled?	Who were the announcers of Super Bowl 50?	In addition to recirculating water, what do condensers do?	What did the next three drives result in?	What was the goal of John Sheepshanks considerable bequest to the museum?	What sort of waves did he claim to observe?	Brownlee argues disobedience can be justified toward what institutions?	Peyton Manning took how many different teams to the Super Bowl?	Who runs the University of Chicago?	What are the three sources of European Union law?	What is the title for a seminary graduate who serves a two-three-year term in full-time appointment after being commissioned?	How is lap provided by overlapping the admission side port?	What type of intervention would changing the work environment be?	An algorithm for X which reduces to C would us to do what?	What powered Tesla's high energy terminal vacuum tube?	Which country did Japan force into an alliance?	What program helped develop space travel techniques that Project Apollo used?	What percentage of France's population is protestant today?	What was the topic of the error?	When did Luther enter into the senate of the Theology faculty of the University of Wittenberg?	Who did the sign language of the National Anthem at Super Bowl 50?	Which article allows the European Council to govern mergers between firms?	What is the name of the Bungie Inc. founder who is also a university graduate?	When was the Rhine measurement corrected back to the original?	What may be presented to Parliament in various ways?	At which Super Bowl did Beyonce headline the halftime show?	What area is Newcastle's milder winters and cooler summers most similar to?	Where was the burial site used for testing located?	Why were vocational subjects most important?	What is the eighth most populous city in the nation?	Which group has young that are born with no tentacles and a large mouth?	What type of special Doctor Who shows have been shown each year since 2005?	Who captured Fort Beausejour?	What is an important catalyst of economic growth?	What is the minimum distance between a patient's home and the nearest pharmacy that allows a physician in Austria to give out medicine?	What kind of graph is an example of an input used in a decision problem?	What yard marker on the field was painted gold?	Of what form are rational primes?	Where is Kenya located?	During what period the drainage basin of the Amazon likely split?	What was the name of the battle that marked the first Confederate win in Florida?	What museum preserves the memory of the crime?	Which noble helped establish the Huguenot settlement in Saarland?	Who departed as president of Capital Cities/ABC in 1994?	What city in Victoria is called the sporting capital of Australia?	What is one criminal behavior that is hard to stop by authorities?	Before Super Bowl 50, what was the coach's name that coached both teams for their last Super Bowl appearances?	From what French King did the Huguenot name possibly descend?	Why aren't some forms of Hæmatococcus pluvialis green?	What is the name given to the district that is associated with the motion picture industry?	Who went to Fort Dusquesne in June 1755?	How did this effect the producer prices?	What percentage of Scotland's voting population failed to actually vote?	On which date was Genghis Khan's palace rediscovered by archeaologists?	What influence did Al Banna wish to eliminate from the Muslim world?	What percentage of American households did ABC reach in March 2015?	What aid is available to underprivileged students seeking to attend a private university?	When did Hamas drive the PLO out of Gaza?	Why do police and fire services fall under the purview of the Scottish Parliament?	What series years are available on Blu-ray?	What does UMC stand for?	What language were classes held in at Tesla's school?	What does "TGIF" stand for?	In Antigone, who was the target of civil disobedience?	In what year did ABC resume its television relationship with Disney?	Although some Acadians went to France and other destiantions, what North American city did many move to?	What type of ratios are used in geochronologic and thermochronologic studies?	What year is the earliest traces of the color Crimson at Harvard?	What ground based group did Tesla think the weapon could be used on?	What is the most commonplace model utilized in complexity theory?	What helps the process of free movement of goods?	Besides Death Wish Coffee, how many other competitors participated in the contest?	When did Torchwood premier?	What was the guiding principle of the Mongol Empire code of conduct?	What type of company is Van Gend en Loos?	What did Luther call the mass instead of sacrifice?	Who was the film Charly produced by?	Who approved of this plan?	What was Goldenson's 1991 book about ABC titled?	What city did the Grand Canal reach during the Yuan?	When was the large work published?	How many US states do no practice corporal punishment?	In which year did the gallery of Indian art open?	What was Tesla's fathers occupation?	Where is Samuel Marsden Collegiate School located?	What were British plans against French?	How much higher was the rate of deforestation in 2000, to 2005 compared to 1995 to 2000?	What animation company worked on some of The Reign of Terror episodes?	When was the mausoleum returned to the Lord's Enclosure in Mongolia?	What dynasty came before the Yuan?	What street does Nikolaus Pevsner think is one of the finest in England?	What health problem did Tesla have in 1879?	How many tons of carbon are absorbed the Amazon in a typical year?	How many first downs did the Broncos have in Super Bowl 50?	What proportion did detached homes rise in 2010?	At first, what did oxygen and iron combine to form?	What was one of the Norman's major exports?	Which part of the immune system protects the brain?	Where do ctenophores be found in large numbers?	When was ABC's first logo introduced?	What is one country that has been suggested for importation of medicines?	After what higher learning model was the school designed?	What is the first line of defense against pathogens that prevents them from entering an organism?	What was the image of Luther a contrast to the life of?	What academy did Tugh Temur found?	What player played in the Super Bowl after breaking his arm two weeks before?	What function is used by algorithms to define measurements like time or space?	Name one country that banned boating, driving and flying on Sundays.	What image has become linked to Doctor Who?	What does the beroida have instead of feeding appendages?	Approximately how many adherents does the United Methodist Church have across the world?	How was coal transferred from the river banks to colliers? 	After the Oligocene period, under what period did the amazon rainforest begin to expand?	When did the university start having a bachelor's degree program in theater & performance studies?	Where does Luther place Salvation?	Where is Peridinin found?	When was the Britain Can Make It exhibition held?	Who produced the comedy-drama The Love Boat?	When was a patent-sharing agreement signed between Westinghouse Electric and General Electric?	What did Albrecht need the indulgences to pay for?	What was the name of the upgraded Saturn I called?	How many times prios has the Sun Life Stadium had Super Bowls?	Under what instances can individuals rely on primary law in the Court of Justice of European Union?	Which genus is considered the "aunt" of ctenophores?	Where did Tesla work in Budapest?	What can the IPCC's report deadlines cause to be omitted?	What did Paul Baran develop 	When did the European Council task an entity with drafting a European Charter of Human Rights?	When was the Skylab launched?	From which countries did the Norse originate?	What other forces were tainted by corruption allegations?	What game did Thomas Davis say he would play in, despite breaking a bone earlier on?	What is the size of the school's endowment?	When did the DFDS ferry service to Sweden case operation?	Most of the objects in the Japanese art collection is dated to which time period?	How many drugs approved by the FDA in 2013 were specialty drugs?	How many species of bird and mammals are there in the Amazon region?	What did the merchants of Newcastle plot to do to Timothy Dexter?	What church is located at the corner of 4th and New Streets in Philadelphia?	How are pharmacists regulated in most jurisdictions?	Who punted the ball for Carolina?	What sport attracts most tourists to Jacksonville?	By August 2010 how many public schools did Victoria have?	Where did he begin teaching?	How old was Tesla when he became a citizen of the US?	Which descendants of Genghis Khan tried to dissociate themselves from the Mongol massacres in the Middle East?	What is the Catholic doctrine of fides caritate formata?	What was free movement increasingly based on?	What do progressive moderates of Islam seek to separate?	What channels were removed from the network in March of 2007?	What delivery message was used 	When was the drainage basin of the Amazon believed to have split in the middle of South America?	What did Luther write as an outline of the new faith?	What offers a conceptual definition of force?	Who was an important early figure in the Islamic revival in India?	What famous civil rights leader called Harvard home?	How many hymns of Luther were included in the Achtliederbuch?	In what year did the NFL switch to a 16-game regular season?	If a and q are coprime, which theorem holds that an arithmetic progression has an infinite number of primes?	What happened to Tesla's belongings?	Of what form do Mersenne primes take?	Who was the first known European to visit China and return?	What has the infrastructure done a lot of over the past years?	How old was Peyton Manning when he played in Super Bowl 50?	When was the basis for the Social Chapter developed?	What did the Gulf War inadvertently do in the early 1990s?	How much did enrollment increase?	Who defines what constitutes a patient-doctor relationship?	In what state is oxygen shipped in bulk?	What planet was named for a fly-by mission by an empty S-IVB?	Which Doctors were in Project: Lazarus?	What did Luther contend the Jews to be?	What test is especially useful for numbers of the form 2p - 1?	What is the major US city that the is the university located?	How is the Pauli exclusion priciple manifested in the macro world?	When were attacks on teachers the highest?	Beginning in what year was Harvard on top of the World Reputation Rankings?	What would be Odinga's role in the government?	Zones in which mountains are built along convergent tectonic plate boundaries are called what?	Where was William Iron Arm's castle located?	WHat does UserDatagram Protocol gaurentee	What did the Public Health Cigarette Smoking Act ban?	What can't Parliament do that causes equality and democracy to be deficient?	How many soldiers were in each Tumen?	What event followed the battle?	How many yards did the Carolina Panthers gain in the 487 in the NFC Championship Game?	What is left of the Dinophysis chloroplasts?	The southern part of the Amazon forest was mainly impacted by drought in what year?	What is Victoria's highest monthly temperature?	There have been major changes in Amazon rainforest vegetation over the last how many years?	What is the first major city in the stream of the Rhine?	In 2005, approximately how many congregations were in the UMC?	How many membranes does Durinskia's chloroplast have?	WHy was the Merit network formed in Michigan 	Who outbid General Electric to provide light to the World's Columbian Exposition?	What honorary title does Bob Geldof hold?	When did Western governments support fledgling Islamists?	If P = NP is unsolved, and reduction is applied to a known NP-complete problem vis a vis Π2 to  Π1, what conclusion can be drawn for Π1?	How many of the richest 400 Americans grew up in substantial privilege?	What did European empires rely on to supply them with resources?	What other Northern European cities had Huguenot congregations?	What is unusual about C4 plants' chloroplasts?	What book did Luther read in 1542?	What did Kenya reveil in 2030?	Who fought in the French and Indian war?	When did ABC begin making family-oriented series?	What alumni member also write the bestseller Before I Fall?	Who recovered the strip ball?	In what year did ABC agree to finance Disneyland?	Who were the sculpture galleries that opened in 2006 named after?	What have the Treaties sought to enable since its foundation?	What type of status did the UMC vote to seek in the National Association of Evangelicals?	How much time remained on the clock when the Broncos made the interception that clinched the AFC Championship Game?	Who was Tesla's main influence in Karlovac?	To which year does the new sculpture galleries now encompass?	What profession were Ronald Robinson and John Gallagher?	Who concluded that the rising income inequality gap was not getting better?	Who was the world's second largest oil producer?	How many public charter schools does the university run?	On what date was series two first shown by the CBC?	What health condition can deep sea diving cause?	When is the Evolution Festival hosted?	Who played the Master in the 1996 TV movie?	Civil disobedients have chosen many different kinds of what type of behaviors?	How many sites did the NFL narrow down Super Bowl 50's location to?	What magazine criticized ABC's programming strategy in May 1961?	What flows between the Bingen and Bonn?	what was Tesla's financial situation after being forced out?	What are weak and electromatic forces expressions of?	How much higher was the 42% occupation stress figure, compared to other jobs?	What did Newcastle University win in 2000?	What was the original name of California State University at Fresno?	What costumes collection did the V&A acquired in 2002?	What shape is Oedogonium's chloroplasts?	What party is favored in Bedigo and Geelong?	Who is the university accredited by?	How else might a physician take advantage of self-interest?	How many seats does Victoria have in the Senate?	When was the Rhine crisis?	Who makes formal appointment or dismissal decisions?	What year was the ECSC agreement established?	What does a teacher teach in primary school?	What do redistribution mechanisms lead to?	When was the confederation of the Rhine?	Who initially wanted more unmanned testing done regarding the LM?	Where did British settlers live?	Who tipped Peyton's pass for an interception?	Fans blame the poor viewership of the late 80's to competition from what show?	What was the very first television station to broadcast in Fresno?	What city, along with Hamilton, Wellington and Christchurch, is one of the largest in New Zealand?	In which direction does most of the wind in Fresno originate from?	How much did San Francisco get for providing services for the Super Bowl?	How is unregistered property held in informal form?	What was the steam engine an important component of?	What time of day did these reformed supposedly gather to engage in Huguenot rituals?	How long would the invasion of the Middle East have to last in order to develop renewable resources?	What has recent testing of Kuznets theory with superior data show it to be?	What is the maximum square miles did Betty Meggers claim that can be sustained in the rainforest? 	What was the purpose of Loudoun's troops at Fort Henry?	What is economic liberalism one of the causes of?	How many teams have won 15 regular season games since the 16-game schedule was adopted?	After what year was compounding frequently used in marine engines?	Where did Tesla work with Edison?	At what university's facility did the Broncos practice?	Do adults or juveniles secretions luminesce brighter?	When were stromules discovered?	What is an object's mass proportional to at the surface of the Earth?	From what distance could the artificial thunder be heard.	What amount of time was the longest that Tesla spent working without stopping to rest?	In which case did the Court of Justice hold that requiring Italian lawyers to comply with maximum tariffs unless there was an agreement with a client was not a restriction?	In what sector are jobs beginning to increase?	What was the rumored reason Edison and Tesla were not awarded the prize?	What book did Luther write in response to Agricola and the antinomians?	Southern California's distinctive regions are divided culturally, politically and what other trait?	What new Medical Drama helped ABC jump to second place in the ratings during the 2004-2005 season?	What coach left the Broncos after the season prior to Super Bowl 50?	What network was designed by the french 	How many people was the CM designed to carry in the end?	When did Tesla first encounter Alfred S. Brown	What set the stage for Merits role in NSFNET	What did Davies want to build 	What venue hosted Super Bowl Opening Night?	What color were the Bronco's uniforms in Super Bowl 50?	Where was the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition held?	Why was the Rhine regulated? 	According to Lenin why must capitalistic countries have an imperialistic policy?	How much Saharan dust is blown and falls upon the Caribbean Sea each year?	When did Luther publish On the Bondage of the Will?	What was French population in North America?	What was the patent number for Tesla's final patent?	What happened to NASA's budget after the first successful moon landing?	Who did the Broncos beat tp become the AFC champions?	Which principle is based on the appearance of fossils in sedimentary rocks?	When was Time Warner cable forced to restore ABC stations to affected markets?	What does  mnemiopsis eat?	How many Victorians are Catholic?	What does teaching on an island result in?	Who proclaimed the oil embargo?	What principle relates to the formation of faults and the age of the sequences through which they cut? 	What hypothesis is associated with the complexity class of P viewed as a mathematical abstraction with efficient algorithmic functionality?	Who analyzes rock samples from drill cores in the lab? 	Which Member of Parliament explained how the museum would preserve the collection and keep it available to the public?	What cultures were part of Kublai's administration?	What is the lower house of the Victorian parliament called?	Who was the Most Valuable Player for the 2015 NFL season?	What did Luther need to do to avoid excommunication? 	What is the force that causes rigid strength in structures?	According to certain Geographical theories what type of human does a tropical climate produce?	How many languages did Tesla know?	What began in 1527 when Luther introdued the new order of worship?	What is the first model of education, in the Australian system?	Who did Noble acquire the rights to the American Broadcasting Company name from?	How high is Victoria's Mount Bogong?	How often does Doctor Who travel by himself?	Where can Aeolian sand with a number of dunes be found?	Who had the best record in the NFC?	What Shakespeare Scholar is a faculty member at Harvard?	How many granal thylakoids are usually in each granum?	How long did the 5th president's tenure last?	What is the name of one type of prime where p+1 or p-1 takes a certain shape?	What did the Islamic State proclaim itself in 2014?	Which lineage includes land plants?	Who was Shi Tianze's father?	In what years did Bach use more of Luther's hymns in his compositions?	What would a Preschool teacher make, salary-wise?	How many outputs are expected for each input in a function problem?	What country boarders the south of Kenya?	What tribe did Toghrul lead?	Who did the Broncos prevent from going to the Super Bowl?	How many factors of health and social problems did Wilkinson and PIckett identify?	How many points are there in the foundation of the Reformation?	What is strongly linked to good student-teacher relationships?	What is the basis of the hymn?	What was the name given to the regions in which the pro - slavery southerners lived?	What other former halftime show performer joined Coldplay and Beyoncé for the Super Bowl 50 halftime show?	When was the announcement for the LOR made after being delayed?	What encouraged trade under the Yuan?	What service did ABC launch in May 2013?	What experiences acceleration when external force is applied to a system?	How many fumbles did Von Miller force in Super Bowl 50?	When did General Hospital begin airing?	What day did the Apollo 11 crew return to Earth?	What rule did some native live under?	What is the name of another type of modern primality test?	What has started to change the way teachers teach in the classroom, generally?	Which Mongolian word meaning wide-spreading may have contributed to the appellation Genghis?	What does the capabilities approach look at poverty as a form of?	Compared to other Australian cities, what is the size of Melbourne?	Who was the first president of the University of Chicago?	ABC debuted what sports program on April 29, 1961?	Who had military control during the Yuan?	Where was war fought?	What's the name of the green space north of the center of Newcastle?	At what point in the day was the couple married?	What principle highlights the significance of primes in number theory	Problems capable of theoretical solutions but consuming unreasonable time in practical application are known as what?	What are the core treaties that the primary law of the EU consists of?	What is it estimated that about half of all variation in homicide rates can be accounted for by?	ABC news provides content for radio stations owned by what company?	What is Tesla's home country?	Which NASA orbiter photographed evidence of each site on the moon that a manned Apollo mission landing occurred?	What does CBD stand for?	Because of the danger inherent in concentrated oxygen, what is a concern about keeping it?	What is the name of the mystical type of Islam?	In 2004 the Orange revolution occurred in what country?	What does Yeke Mongghul Ulus mean?	How many lakes are there in Warsaw?	On what type of exponentiation does the Diffie–Hellman key exchange depend on?	How is chloroplast replication observed?	Antibody-dependent hypersensitivity belongs to what class of hypersensitivity?	How many touchdowns did Manning have at the end of the game?	What is the usual form of the government's wealth redistribution? 	What will the output be for a member of the language of a decision problem?	What was used to sod the Levi's Stadium for Super Bowl 50? 	Of what form are Mersenne primes?	Who stated he wanted Israel to vanish?	Who proposed that innate intertial is the natural state of objects?	What is another name for the Yosemite Freeway?	What happens to reactive oxygen species signals since they don't leave the chloroplast?	In which year are the Meissen Vulture in the V&A collection dated?	An MSP may introduce a bill as what?	What name was given to the plot to usurp power from the French House of Guise?	What is something that teacher's are at a high risk for?	How is packet mode communication implemented 	What is the Roman numeral going to be for Super Bowl 51?	Which episode was Matt Smith's final one as Doctor Who?	How many pounds of steam per kilowatt hour does the Energiprojekt AB engine use?	Case complexities provide three likelihoods of what differing variable that remains the same size? 	In the effort of maintaining a level of abstraction, what choice is typically left independent?	How much of Victoria's farmland grows hay?	When did the Huguenots secure the right to own land in the Baronies?	What field of computer science analyzes the resource requirements of a specific algorithm isolated unto itself within a given problem?	How many people died in the outbreak of 1471?	What series has an actor doing an impression of the Fourth Doctor?	How did Luther express the destruction?	What does the U.S. economic and social model have substantial levels of?	Where is D'Olier Street?	Whose theory did Tesla disagree with?	Where does Kenya rang on the CPI scale?	Who led the in house design studies for NASA?	What did Tesla explore in Tominaj?	The reasons for the las two counties to be added are based on what?	What kind of network was ABC when it first began?	What color were the footballs handed out to a variety of high schools, leading up to Super Bowl 50?	When was the Office of Western Medicine founded?	What would the latter Apollo missions carry to the moon to increase exploration?	Where is the ABC four-note jingle still in use?	what did tesla note the hazards of working with? 	What is the observable effect of W and Z boson exchange?	What will cause the lake near the Rhine to silt up?	What diagrams are used to simplify particle interactions on a fundamental level?	What was report P-2626	Which countries were the European Coal and Steel Community agreement between?	In which point did the drainage basin of the Amazon split?	Imperialism is confused with what other term?	What reference is there to Huguenot lacemakers in the 19th century?	Which two leading roles did Audra McDonald perform when she was in high school?	What state in Australia is the center of dairy farming?	What radio station did ABC purchase in May 1960?	Where was media day for Super Bowl 50 held?	How was Temüjin kept imprisoned by the Tayichi'ud?	What other activities does the UNFCCC require the IPCC to run?	How does the secondary theory say most cpDNA replicates?	In what dynasty did Tianze live?	Along with public schools, what type of school was recognized under the South African Schools Act?	Which MVP died in 2001?	Where did the Panthers practice for the Super Bowl?	When did the Eleventh Doctor appear in the Sarah Jane series?	In what city is the last Huguenot congregation in the US?	How many members in the seats of the Scottish Parliament are members of the Scottish Government?	What did this statement of Tetzel's show about him?	How did Tesla attend the university?	Where does the Rhine river's measurement end?	After an eventful and tiring year for the world during 1968, what type of ending to the year did the images from space provide?	What type of impact does opportunity-based entrepreneurship tend to have on economic growth?	Who is expected to lead the family in spiritual mentorship?	Which sitcom produced a spinoff for ABC after ending its run in 1984?	Which of the tributaries in Germany contributes most? 	How long does it take for new areas to have significant oil production?	What halftime performer previously headlined Super Bowl XLVII?	From what project groups were the Apollo astronauts selected?	What ranking does the Super Bowl 50 halftime show have on the list of most watched TV broadcasts?	What underground railways cover much of Tyne and Wear?	What do ctenophore use to capture their prey?	What type of amendments might members opposed to a bill put on the table?	What theology states that faith alone isn't enough to justify man?	What reform was attempted following the Nice Treaty?	In what year did student decide to occupy the president's office?	What year was the latest addition to the Church of St. Andrew?	What year was Newcastle ninth in retail expenditures?	What is the name of the trophy that all Super Bowl winners receive?	Who fought in the great Northern war?	Where do chloroplasts pump hydrogen?	What type of religious behavior was Tesla against?	What did Luther think was required to stop the violence?	Which entities have had to develop principles dedicated to conflict resolution between laws of different systems?	How much did Disney sell it's stake in Eurosport for in 2000?	When did Tesla's father die?	How many people are likely to visit Justin Herman Plaza during the week of the Super Bowl?	What branch of theoretical computer science deals with broadly classifying computational problems by difficulty and class of relationship?	Immunological memory can take what two forms?	What is happening to the average age of teachers in Wales?	What is another term for the pivot mounting?	When do juvenile develop into adults?	When did Japan release a statement to tell Israelis to withdraw from the Palestine?	Pollution of water by nitrates and phosphates will encourage the growth of what?	How many times did the Broncos cause turnovers in the game?	In dioxygen how are the two oxygen atoms bonded together?	What did this concept contradict 	Who was the chairman of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce?	What northern province in France has a large protestant population?	What does Newcastle still contain many of?	What members typically open debates?	What applies to equally to constant velocity motion as it does to rest.	When was the French colony in modern day Brazil founded?	What landmark was Tesla asked about in regards to electricity in 1893?	What other CBS talk show played, after the main one that began immediately after Super Bowl 50?	Scientists disagree with how the Amazon rainforest changed over time with some arguing that it was reduced to isolated refugia seperated by what?	What English law made that country more welcoming to Huguenots?	How would the capabilities approach achieve it's goal?	What types of houses are designed by Fresno architects?	What is the newer, more widely accepted theory behind the spread of the plague?	What is the intrisic angular variable called when particles act upon one another?	In what year did Lost first debut?	During what time did civilization in the Amazon was flourishing when Orellana made his observations?	Who do gurus control?	How many of the Scottish electorate would need to for it on the referendum?	How many times has the South Florida/Miami area hosted the Super Bowl?	Where did Jebe's forces first defeat Kuchlug?	Classifying the stages of what is important to mapping aspects of the Amazon?	What group can teachers in Wales register with?	What effect did breathing Priestley's discovered gas have on the experiment's mouse?	Approximately how many gems in Reverend Chauncy Hare Townshend's collection was given to the museum?	Who governed the Central Region in the Yuan?	What does Rosenfield feel plays the most significant role in expanding the income gap?	Who reported on the sideline for ESPN Deportes?	Building printing is making it possible to flexibly construct small commercial buildings and private habitations in what amount of time?	When was the prime number theorem proven?	Who married the wedding couple?	What kind of engines did the biplane design have?	Where does Warsaw rank in terms of population in the EU?	What was the occasion for the boat demonstration?	Who slipped on the Levi's Stadium turf in week 6 of the 2015 NFL season?	When was the most recent Super Bowl hosted in the South Florida/Miami area?	What is most of Warsaw's modern growth based on?	When did Mark Woods leave ABC?	What is the highest court in European Union law?	What was Tesla's attitude toward the idea that matter could be turned into energy?	Older people get less sun and produce less of what chemical via UVB radiation?	Where did Tesla begin working in 1884?	What is the famous rock called that the Rhine flows around?	What was the age difference between Newton and Manning in Super Bowl 50?	When did photosynthetic organisms evolve on Earth?	Which English sculptor who became the leading portrait sculptor in Regency era Britain is represented in the V&A collection?	Besides publishing To the Christian Nobility of the German Nation and On the Babylonian Captivity of the Church, what other work did Luther produce in 1520?	In cases of shared physical medium how are they delivered 	When rock formations are found on top of a fault that have not been cut, then they must be older or younger than the fault?	What is the natural dam that the Rhine flows through?	What space station supported three manned missions in 1973-1974?	What ruined Richard's plans to reach Acre?	Along with road vehicles, locomotives and ships, on what vehicles were steam engines used during the Industrial Revolution?	Why has the Muslim Brotherhood facilitated inexpensive mass marriage ceremonies?	Who originally produced Wide World of Sports for ABC?	Is the focus on spiritual mentorship in Hinduism high or low?	The merger between ITT and ABC was suspended after a complaint was filed by whom in July 1967?	How much did Westinghouse pay for Tesla's designs?	How often is the AV Festival held?	The Brotherhood's members are against consuming what beverage?	ABC continued NBC Blue's tradition of what?	Decision problems capable of being solved by a deterministic Turing machine while maintaining adherence to polynomial time belong to what class?	Who led the Broncos with 105 receptions?	Who forced four fumbles for the Broncos in the 2015 season?	Which country today is a remnant of the Ottoman empire?	In what year did "The Eleventh Hour" play?	What is key to getting the skills needed for high demand jobs?	Who elects the members of the European Parliament?	What proportion of the general population in the area than became Iran did Genghis Khan kill?	Pitt's plan called for what attacks?	What is the name for a teacher of just one person?	What year did Roger de Tosny fail to accomplish what he set out to do?	What is the name of the winter festival held in January that is based on fitness? 	What was the national viewership reach of ABC in 1958?	At what size and larger can drugs elicit a neutralizing immune response?	What anniversary of the Pokémon franchise was celebrated during the Super Bowl?	What type of destination is the area around Grey's Monument?	Which Belgian footballer claimed that he should be allowed to transfer from one football club to another when his contract was fulfilled?	Before the formation of which planet, did Sol lose oxygen 16?	What geologic feature is composed of oxygen oxides?	Which team did not get a chance to defend their Super Bowl XLIX win in Super Bowl 50?	What field of computer science analyzes all possible algorithms in aggregate to determine the resource requirements needed to solve to a given problem?  	What civil rights movement in the US was known for it's disobedience?	Who was the 4th to rule the Yuan dynasty?	Who wrote a pamphlet outlining the radical ideas of the extremists?	Why do stromules exist?	How many balls did Josh Norman intercept?	To whom did RCA mandate the sale of NBC blue to in 1941?	Which problem consists of both  inflationary and deflationary impacts?	Who explored Ohio territory in 1750?	What period did plates reverse directions to compress the Tethys floor?	A language solved in quadratic time implies the use of what type of Turing machine?	When was Dali conquered by the Yuan?	What comedy for ABC ended its broadcast run in 1986?	What did his design avoid in not having a commutator?	Why was Polonia relegated from the country's top flight in 2013?	What is a spark or heat to the progress of a fire?	colonial rule would be considered what type of imperialism?	How do centripetal forces act in relation to vectors of velocity?	What an the freeman of Newcastle do with their cows on the Town Moor?	What textile industry did the Huguenots contribute to in Ireland?	What was the percentage of Germans attending private high schools in 2008?	What is the name for the smaller streams along the region northern Germany?	What is one type of public key cryptography algorithm?	What does education in an area where there is high demand for workers tend to create?	What notion keeps it's meaning through both Netonian and Schrodinger physics equations?	What time do they normally have tea?	Warsaw's sidewalks and sanitation facilities are some examples of things which have what?	Who did ESPN and ABC sign an eight year deal with in 2005?	What was AUSTPAC	What did the popularity of Luther's translation contribute to?	When was the heatwave in which Hopetoun recorded its highest temperature?	What was the name of the infamous German Gestapo prison?	What actress did the ASL translation for the game?	What does the Urban Education Institute help run?	Who was the designer of the Oriental Courts?	Why did Toghun Temur dismiss Toghtogha?	By which year did the American cars mpg start to improve?	What government set standards do all schools have to meet?	Survivial is at the heart of what concept for workers?	When was the Doctor Who series released on DVD?	What is the definition of agency as it relates to capabilities? 	Who is the patron saint of the Huguenots?	What type of gradients are formed by faulting and other deformational processes?	How long is one term for an elected president of the CJEU?	How did Luther persuade Archbishop Albrecht to stop the sale of indulgences?	Where did the first Huguenot colonists settle?	What does FOTA stand for?	Who was made rich and prosperous prior to World War 1	What is a secondary goal of pleading not guilty?	Why are chloroplasts of interest in GMO crops?	Under Elie Metchnikoff's cellular theory, what cells were responsible for immune response?	When did President Uhuru Kenyatta sign a Security Law Amendment Bill?	What kind of war did Luther support against the Turks, even if he did not oppose a religious war?	What type of skills does the market bid up compensation for?	What articles state that unless conferred, powers remain with member states?	When did the age of imperialism end?	Where did this pro-reform leader teach?	What radio station did the Doctor Who theme reach the charts on in 2011?	Which city does the Hollywood district belong to?	What writing inspired the name Great Yuan?	What amendment to the United States Constitution governs government funding of religious schools?	What was the program in the first Children's program block to be broadcast in HD?	When did the German army reoccupy Rhineland?	What is that power that enables us to love?	Who authored the Liber servitoris?	Who called their system the "Tesla Polyphase System"?	What was given as the cause of death?	Which branch of the EU has had the most influence on the development of EU law?	What types of teachers are retiring the most?	Who started the IPCC Trust Fund?	What is another type of public key cryptography algorithm?	When did embankment of the major Rhine distributaries take palce?	If someone is being taught at their place of residence, what is it called?	What prohibition agent was also an alumni at the university?	How many Panthers were designated All-Pro?	What site is located in the San Francisco Bay Area?	What are Phycobilins?	What was the name of the first Doctor Who story released as an LP?	This type of system is known as 	When did the NFL announce the suspension of using Roman numerals to brand the Super Bowl?	What is a turbine's theoretical Carnot efficiency?	Given the strength of French forces at Louisbourg, what did Loudoun do?	When was the Brotherhood first banned in Egypt?	What series was created by former Doctor Who producer Russell T. Davies?	What was Elway's final game as the Denver quarterback?	For what purpose is oxygen used by animal life?	What years saw the most loss of old shows in the BBC archives?	What type of manufacturing plant is Victoria soon losing?	Between what times does Good Morning America air on ABC?	Who noticed that Luther's view of the soul after death differed from later theologians?	Who did Tesla credit for his abilities?	How did Tetzel state that the soul could leave purgatory?	What would be lower if there were fewer people?	How many ways did Luther justify his opposition to revolt?	Along with the Congregation of Christian Brothers, what is a notable religious group that runs fee-paying schools in Ireland?	In what year did Doctor Who state that he was the last Time Lord?	When were Joseph Schumpeter and Norman Angell at their most prolific writing period?	Of what region was Saxony a part?	Which membrane was lost in euglenophyte chloroplasts?	What did Tesla think could improve the brain's intelligence?	What characteristic in recent years has been strongly tied with health in developed countries?	What kind of cell identifies pathogens when the antibodies on its surface complex with a specific foreign antigen?	How much of the population in the Middle East died of the plague?	How many people in Quzhou are descended from Confucius?	What is the primary mission of the Daleks?	How many points did the Panthers defense surrender?	What is the name of the country's longest continuously running student film society?	Which country is not badly hit by the embargo?	By what did Luther believe the just person lives?	How much had Westinghouse paid to Tesla, Brown and Peck?	In what year was the first Doctor Who audiobook released?	What genre of music is Lindisfarne classified as?	What are new responsibilities pharmacy technicians now deal with?	What are the biggest burdens?	What were the first local stations to offer streams of their programming on WATCH ABC?	How can any knot be distinctively indicated?	Who first played the Master in the 2007 series?	What was the first Disney program televised on ABC as a result of the Disney-ABC agreement?	How did Saint-Pierre respond to Washington?	What techniques did Chinese medicine include?	Cristian Bay's encyclopedia concludes that civil disobedience does not only include what behavior?	Each deacon in full connection is a member of what?	What was the emphasis focuses on?	What countries are the Doctor Who DVDs available to purchase?	What is one main reason that civil disobedience is not recognized?	What type of compounds such as acetone,contain oxygen?	When were Tesla's patents restored?	What does Mark U. Edwards claim as a possible cause of Luther's antisemitism?	Why would Mongols have too little experience to govern cities they conquered?	In what kind of fluid are pressure differences caused by direction of forces over gradients?	What welding process was demonstrated in 1901?	What was the advantage that the LOR method produced in the event of a spacecraft failure?	Where did von Lettow surrender at?	After Archbishop Albrecht reviewed the Theses, where did he send them?	What was Tesla's position at the Budapest Telephone Exchange?	The Peruvian Amazon indigienous people are one group struggling in the Amazon, what is another group?	What is the alpine valley that the Rhine flows through?	What happens to the working fluid in a closed loop system?	Which of his future general's fathers helped Temüjin escape the Tayichi'ud?	What are the biggest game animals of Kenya called?	What were the towns granted to the Huguenots in 1598 collectively called?	How much did the IPCC Third Assessment Report say sea levels will rise from 1990 to 2100?	How was the Rhine Gorge formed?	What do some encrypted broadcasts require to view?	Which Denver player took the ball to the Panthers 14 yard line?	Where did he work on the oscillators?	What kind of gradients does cpDNA have?	What chemist showed that fire needed only a part of air?	In which year did the newspaper define southern California?	In what year did Lavoisier publish his work on combustion?	Where did the president appoint cabinet members from?	What were two of Fresno's most beautiful architectural buildings that are now demolished?	What did the Jewish people do so pagan items wouldn't be in the temple of Jerusalem?	What color jersey has Denver 0-4?	What is an example of a measurement within a complexity class that would create a bigger set of problems if the bounds were relaxed?	How are the particle forces and accelerations explained as by gauge bosons exchange?	What agreement was made for trade with natives and British?	What was the only drama extended for a second season for the 2010-11 schedule?	What is the basic unit of organization within the UMC?	What type of organization would need large quantities of pure oxygen?	What was the advantage of the two-phased system 	What yard line was a gold color for all teams during the season?	Why did Berlin Huguenots switch to German from French in their services?	When did the first direct elections take place?	What kind of affect did Luther often use in his discourses?	Who was the first Doctor to travel with a married couple?	What vote on a bill takes place in Stage 3?	Who does a gender pay gap tend to favor?	What type of heritage does Tyneside have?	What happens when the immune system less active than normal?	How many of the Mau Mau did Home Gaurd kill?	Whwn forces are at right ngles to each other what can they be broken down to?	How many inhabitants does the Los Angeles area contain?	How many parts does the consideration of a bill in Stage 3 have?	What type of movies were produced in Jacksonville's 30 studios?	To whom did Toghrul refuse to give his daughter in marriage, angering Temüjin?	How were British able to cut supplies to Louisbourg?	In what year did Harvard end its early admission program?	Who was the first European to travel the entire length of the Amazon River?	What city did Super Bowl 50 take place in?	How much did Tesla sell his AC patents to Westinghouse Electric for?	What is the typical annual cost for an Irish private school?	Complexity classes are generally classified into what?	Which company provides train service in Fresno?	What is Sanctifying Grace?	How many pages was the Kalven Report statement?	Who criticised the security bill?	What do pyrenoids store?	When was the Parental Leave directive created?	Humans in tropical environments were considered what?	James Hutton published a 2 volume version of his theories in what year?	When was a third visit to Mnafeld scheduled? 	What state constitutional amendments make reference to the government funding religious schools?	What two member nations of the Holy Roman Empire received Huguenot refugees?	What role in economics did the university play a major part in?	What is the name of the longest bridge in Germany?	what did tesla attribute skin damage to?	What do some believe the Treaty of Versailles assisted in?	Who else did DATNET 1 refer to 	What compiles and reports on data about the size of design and construction companies?	When did Barton and Whitfield demand climate research records?	Who was the Most Valuable Player of Super Bowl 50?	How long has free movement and trade been central to European development?	What is the ranking of the military forces in Jacksonville?	When did Operation Anvil open?	Who did ABC sell it's recording division to in 1979?	Which year was the case Commission v Italy that dealt with cocoa products?	During what time did the rainforest spanned a narrow band? 	What extinction event might have created some conditions allowing the expansion of the amazon rainforest?	What is the revised version of The Book of Common Prayer called?	What does computational complexity theory most specifically seek to answer? 	The mountain ranges tail off into what kind of geographical formation?	According to Oxfam, the 85 richest people have wealth equal to how many average people?	How many people were involved in the study?	What city served as Poland's capital in 1313?	Where was the Feb 2010 call for change published?	What did the sparks do to the insulation?	Who was the ABC Entertainment president in 1957?	Who holds an annual International Arts Fair in Newcastle?	Who allegedly coined the name Black Death?	Where does the Rhine end?	Who is a bill referred to for a ruling on whether it's within the powers of the Parliament?	What does Graham Twigg propose about the spread of disease?	What was the Doritos customer Super Bowl ad campaign called?	Where did Tesla live for much of his life?	In what year was the agreement to allow the Saarland settlement reached?	What Revolutionary War midnight rider was a Huguenot descendant?	Who lead the halftime show of Super Bowl 50?	What do conservative researchers fell should be a measure of inequality?	Which channel did the 5 applications request for broadcast?	What is the gender income inequality in Bahrain?	What artist provided the woodcuts for Luther's Bible?	When was the joint statement on climate change issued?	What does the bolinopsis generally eat?	What is the main difference between online pharmacies and community pharmacies?	The two listed teams play for which NCAA group?	Why have Mongolian politicians considered regulating the use of Genghis Khan's name?	What famous 5.9-mile athletic event takes place annually in Newcastle in June?	What is grown in the fertile highlands?	Who has expressed distaste for the canonicity of Doctor Who stories by other media?	When did Tesla depart from Colorado Springs?	How many original treaties establishing the EU protected fundamental rights?	Can BSkyB veto the presence of channels on their EPG?	What must the integer m be less than or equal to when performing trial division?	What do the Waal and the Nederrijn-Lek discharge throguh?	How many total yards did Denver gain?	In the capabilities approach, grow and income are considered a means to an end rather than what?	Which Treaty protects the freedom of establishment and the freedom to provide services?	The presence or absence of what can be used to determine the relative age of the formations in which they are found? 	When was the FIS founded?	What is Europe's largest inland port?	How many times was the Panthers' quarterback sacked?	When did British government give land for development of Ohio Country?	What does ctenophora rely on for digestion and respiration?	What does an increase in the income share of the bottom 20 percent of people of a society result in?	What surrounds chloroplasts?	What venue did Super Bowl 50 take place in?	What is one part of the innate immune system that doesn't attack microbes directly?	Rock units become thicker and shorten when placed under this type of compression. 	What was the name of the company the businessmen financed? 	How did Chinese medicine spread?	What limits the Rankine cycle's efficiency?	Why was it thought that  ctenophores were a poor diet for other animals?	When was an extended episode of Doctor Who shown?	What three stadiums did the NFL decide between for the game?	What protestant religions made Northern European counties safe for Huguenot immigration?	Who is the executive power?	What body constitutes the supreme legislature of Scotland?	What day of the week did Shark Tank debut on?	What is the weather type of Mallee and upper Wimmera?	What type of fault boundary is defined by having widespread powerful earthquakes, as in the state of California?	Who was NASA's administrator?	What flood impacted the Meuse?	What do the owners of more capital end up having?	Where are the streams the Rhine captured?	How many 2015 season interceptions did the Panthers' defense get?	What Japanese network did ABC purchase a stake in in 1951?	Civil disobedience has been argued in more recent times to have suffered from what?	What is justifying grace also known as today?	What flows between Bingen and Bonn?	Where was the famous artist Tamara de Lempicka born?	Where can ctenophores be found in large amounts?	How much of a voting majority must there be to effectively censure the Commission?	The material in the V&A theatre collection is available for which use?	Whose authority did Luther's theology oppose?	After 1935, who would be forbidden to enter Rhineland?	What made the oil crisis worse in the US?	What building material does the entrance hall and flanking staircases use predominantly?	What is the lake known as which was created by the rise of the Andes Mountains?	Who is the UK's largest digital subscription television company?	What percentage of Newcastle's population was culled by the plague?	WHat allows customers to get Sky+ functions if they do not subscribe to BSkyB's channels?	Who was a man studying medicinal applicants of plants in Ancient Greece?	Is the Lisbon Treaty one that would alter existing treaties or replace them?	Upon hearing the final product, what was the creator quoted as saying?	If the teacher focuses on maintaining order, what does this take time away from?	What marine engines were less efficient than steam turbines?	What did Tesla do in Tomingaj?	What do electrostatic gradiient potentials create?	What city was former WWE NXT champion Neville born in?	What does the IPCC rely on for research?	Who discovered the Compton Effect?	The silver and gold collection of the V&A is divided into which categories?	Is the packet header long 	When did Hulu begin offering ABC's programs for streaming?	How many people could Apollo be projected to hold?	How many people were on the project that followed Project Mercury?	Who was the new elector of Saxony?	What is the legislature of the European Union comprised of?	Who set aside seed funding for the week-long event leading up to the Super Bowl?	How are AUSTPAC connections made 	What is the nickname for the ABC facility built at Columbus Avenue and West 66th Street?	What was NewcastleGateshead voted in 2006?	What can rubisco do by mistake?	What monarchy did western troops protect?	What were the first two destinations of Huguenot emigres?	How are peridinin-type chloroplasts' thylakoids arranged?	When was the second oil crisis?	Which institution did the V&A partnered with to open the first permanent architectural history gallery in the UK?	How many Doctor Who soundtracks have been released since 2005?	Of all their agreements with Hollywood producers in the 50s, which was the most iconic for ABC?	What is the name of contemporary Mongolian currency?	How long does the Members Debate last?	Harrogate market is in the local what?	Which newspaper defined southern California?	The region spans starting at islands found in which body of water?	What city, raided by clans and dukes, preceded the founding of Warszowa?	Which Super Bowl did Roger Goodell speak about?	Which Buddhist monastery hosted the Genghis Khan mausoleum during the Japanese occupation?	Along what geographic feature are nine residential houses located?	Where did Tetzel overstate his teachings?	Motion pictures, petroleum and aircraft manufacturing have been major industries since which decade?	What streets are contraflows to be implemented on in Newcastle?	What platform caused BSkyB to end their analogue service?	What type of studies explored student motivation?	What are the most powerful class of anti-inflammatory drugs?	What did Tesla establish following his Colorado experiments?	What percentage of seats did political parties identifying as Islamist win in the Egyptian parliamentary election of 2011-2012?	An illustrated, paraphrased version of this appeared when?	What is the name for a problem that meets Ladner's assertion?	What were Huguenots who stayed in France eventually known as?	What is the Rhine Gorge known for?	Who was Frédéric Chopin?	On what streets is the ABC headquarters located	What theorem remains valid in unique factorization domains?	There's a rough border between Switzerland and what other country formed by the Rhine?	Which department sponsors the Victoria and Albert Museum?	What did the richest 400 Americans have as children that helped them be successful adults?	What three things are needed for construction to take place?	Where is the neighborhood of Sunnyside located in Fresno?	Dimensions in Time featured what prominent soap opera?	What type of homes is Fresno known for?	How would the geographical societies in Europe support certain travelers?	Who did the Panthers beat in the NFC Championship Game?	An evaporative cooling tower is also referred to as what kind of cooling tower?	How long would Tesla spend gambling sometimes?	What was the population of the Dutch Republic before this emigration?	Who are the chief administrators of the church?	Indigenous territories are largely being destroyed in what two ways?	How much lower was the North Sea in the last cold phase than it is today?	Who long was the broadcast delay claimed to be the first time the series premiered?	The aim of the French competition law was to do what?	What does oxygen the basis for in combustion?	The V&A has the world's most comprehensive collection of sculptures from which period?	What did Guo Shoujing do for calendars?	In what country is Normandy located?	What did the Rhine branch off to form in Austria?	What delimits the delta of the Rhine in the East?	What association did Tesla demonstrate his radio wave theories to?	What is the name of a teacher in Tibetan Buddhism?	What were the annual carriage fees for the channels?	How much did Walt Disney want ABC to invest in Disneyland?	How much time did he claim had to pass before he gave the ray to the world?	Other than San Bernardino, what is the name of the other city that maintains the districts including University Town?	What is the term for the highest living saint?	Along with trusts, what other non-profits are allowed to run schools in India?	How many lines run out of Downtown Los Angeles?	How would the word apothecary be viewed by contemporary English speakers?	Which two courts apply European Union law?	When was the Holocene?	What did Josel ask the city of Strasbourg to forbid the sale of?	What did Tesla write?	What player did the field problem at Levi's stadium affect for a field goal in week six of the regular season?	Who coached each Super Bowl 50 participant in their most recent Super Bowl appearance prior to Super Bowl 50?	Some theories argue that civil disobedience is justified in regard to?	How old was Katharina when she married Luther?	What theory accounted for the Mercury problem?	When did Watt finish the development of his improvements to Newcomen's engine?	Where were Tetzel's teachings in line with Church dogma?	In what year did Priestley publish the findings of his experiments?	Who was the creator of NYPD Blue?	What title was the Social Charter set to be included into the Maastricht treaty under?	Who can enforce the European Union law when member states provide lesser rights?	How high is the highest point in Warsaw?	What was Westinghouse potentially trying to avoid by paying Tesla?	Who did Peyton Manning play for as a rookie?	How much did Westinghouse pay for Tesla's patents in order to escape its financial problems?	What increased in the Rhine because of the land clearance in the upland areas?	What act sets the term for judging the boundaries of sanity to which individuals wishing to sit on the SP must adhere?	What happened to the building on George IV Bridge when the Parliament was done with it?	The Muslim Brotherhood's competence compares well against what type of local governments?	What Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences winner is also a university alumni member?	Who was appointed as second in command to Lor Loudoun in 1756?	What happened to Dane?	What was the first building erected that still forms part of the museum?	What well-known archeologist believed the Amazon didn't have many inhabitants?	What was the goal of congress?	What is the name of the university's summer festival?	What did Luther fear to cause him to avoid marriage?	Which episode in 2008 was over an hour long?	What was used to create a new electromagnetic theory to reconcile the troubles with electromagnetic theory as it used to stand?	What is Plasmodium?	What did the loss mean to France?	When forces are acting on an extended body, what do you need to account for motion effects?	What award was given to Corliss?	When did the UMC's General Board of Church and Society call on all United Methodists to abstain from alcohol for Lent?	Some have generalized the meaning of the word imperialism down to general-purpose what?	What do young Ctenophores generaly look like?	When was Luther  called by von Staupitz to Wittenberg?	What do the auricles do?	What year was Jamukha elected Gür Khan?	What was Tesla's salary from Westinghouse in 1934?	What is the resultant force called when two forces act on a particle?	The Social Chapter is a chapter of what treaty?	Where did Tesla believe his talents came from?	What class of T cells recognizes intact antigens that are not associated with MHC receptors?	Who decided not to approve paying for renovations at Sun Life Stadium that the league wanted for them to do to host Super Bowl 50?	What did NSFNET promote	In what area is it common for spiritual mentorship to be extremely high?	Who was the opposing party in the Runyon case?	The use of gas lighting made what possible the year after the museum officially opened?	How much of normal is the oxygen breathed in space suits?	Which Khitan prince became an important administrator in the Mongol Empire?	What responsibilities are pharmacists believed to be taking on more in the future?	What company was chosen to build a two-phase AC generating system at Niagara Falls?	How much of the IPCC attendees are government representatives?	Who are debates and meetings open to?	Whose works helped Tesla recover from illness?	When did internet pharmacies begin to come into being?	Income not from the creation of wealth but by grabbing a larger share of it is know to economists by what term?	What was the name of the experiment that tested how life originated?	The adaptive immune system recognizes non-self antigens during a process called what?	In what year is the oldest pharmacy said to have been established?	How were leaders back in Europe feeling about news from Celeron expedition?	What year did the university open a center in Hong Kong?	In what part of the city did residents suffer from a lack of city services?	What do the strains of y. pestis suggest abut the plague?	What position in the government does Robert Gates hold?	What do current ctenophores have that fossils found did not have?	What will have a direct impact of inequality in a system that uses a progressive tax?	Who did the Panthers beat in the divisional round?	What is a mechanical barrier in insects that protects the insect?	What is Cultural Imperialism often referred to as?	What sorts of items are displayed in the Esteve Pharmacy museum?	What was the name of the count of Apulia 	In a type III secretion system, proteins are transported to the host cell in order to do what?	Prevenient grace allowas those tainted by what to make a choice to accept or reject God's salvation in Christ?	What gas does the airline exothermic reaction produce?	Who designed Salamanca?	How many people work for Kunskapsskolan schools?	The UMC teaches that pornography is about what?	What group has approved the appointment of an openly partnered lesbian to the provisional diaconate?	What were Tesla's mother's special abilities?	What day of the week was Media Day held on for Super Bowl 50?	What type of parenting role does a teacher take on?	How many BAFTA TV awards has Doctor Who won?	Name a luxury model that became popular in the mid-1970s.	Who was Ayurbarwada's son?	What channel did ABC launch in 1981 that focused on cultural and arts programming?	The atomic number of the periodic table for oxygen?	What was done to the Trajan's Column replica to fit it under the ceiling?	What was renumbered in Newcastle upon completion of the Western Bypass?	In what venue did the NFL Experience take place?	Which book by Edward Said portrayed the east as being the "others?"	What type of Saturn was originally going to be used for Apollo 8?	What is the conventional measurement of the Rhine? 	Who is the present quarterback of the Broncos?	What was the name for the new radio concept designed by Allen Shaw?	How does the D-loop finish replicating?	What was the average cost of a 30-second commercial?	When was the last season that this original theme was used?	What is the Super Bowl program called that gives local companies business opportunities for the Super Bowl?	When violence is used, what is civil disobedience sometimes called?	What serves as a biological barrier by competing for space and food in the GI tract?	Where are nearly all teachers taught?	What festival is held in October in Newcastle?	To what did Martin Luther devote all his attention ?	Which Italian that is credited with the creating the Baroque style of sculpture is represented in the V&A's British galleries?	What award was given to Tesla?	What opened on January 30th at the Justin Herman plaza?	What country has such unmanageable students that many teachers do not discipline them?	What theorem defines the main role of primes in number theory?	What is tuition for 2012 - 13 year at Harvard? 	How much rain per year does Fresno get on average?	How many metropolitan areas does Southern California's population encompass?	What percentage of total financial aid for undergraduates from Harvard was in the form of grants?	When a pathogen has been eaten by a phagocyte it becomes trapped in what vesicle?	Whose plan called for the Mongolian army to split in two after the Khwarezmian conquest?	What was the theorized maximum population density per square kilometre for the Amazon rainforest?	When was a Doctor Who Prom performed?	How did Turabi build a strong economic base?	What happens secondly if a Directive's deadline is not met?	How does inequality prevent growth?	When was Zhu Shijie born?	Which empire was the last one Genghis Khan conquered before he died?	What is the public library seen as to Kenyans?	What is one of the largest music schools in Europe?	What one point was not agreed on that was dear to Luther?	What isn't economic growth sufficient for progress on?	What did Luther consider Christ's life?	What kind of service is the SkyDrive Service?	Where have the first episodes of Doctor Who always appeared?	What is the kilogram-force sometimes reffered to as?	When did Temur rule?	Why did Tesla begin investigating invisible energy?	Who did BSkyB compete with initially?	If Roman numerals were used, what would Super Bowl 50 have been called?	How much did Westinghouse pay to license Tesla's designs?	When did the plague return to Europe?	What are dart frogs are known to secrete?	Which of Genghis Khan's descendants pushed the Mamluks out of Palestine?	If q=9 and a=1,2,4,5,7, or 8, how many primes would be in a progression?	A reaction against industrialiazation contributed to the development of what artistic movement in the late 19th centurY	Why did the oil ministers agree to a cut in oil production?	Where was the meeting held when the NFL owners voted on the location for Super Bowl 50?	What position did Tesla accept at the exchange?	What is missing a theory on quantum gravity?	What weapon caused the wounds that killed Tangut general Ma Jianlong?	What type of discipline do critics want to see?	Who produced the first geological map of the U.S.?	Which Denver linebacker was named Super Bowl MVP?	Prior to this consideration, when did San Francisco last host a Super Bowl?	What city has the largest inland port in Europe?	What are the ties that best described what the "eight counties" are based on?	What are Los Angeles, Orange, San Diego, San Bernardino and Riverside?	Which country is a traditional ally of Israel?	What force acts between electric charges?	Whose thesis states that the solution to a problem is solvable with reasonable resources assuming it allows for a polynomial time algorithm?	What team was the NFC champion?	What company was chosen to build an AC distribution system at Niagara Falls?	Where did the Huguenots land in New York originally?	Luther went to bed quoting what scripture?	What report had the correct date?	Who considers Los Angeles County to be a separate metropolitan area?	Which mission did Schmitt finally land on the moon?	How many rows of combs are there?	At what degree are the pistons of a two-cylinder compound connected to the cranks?	How did scientists assess the DNA/RNA of yersinia pestis? 	What was the ratio of men to women at Harvard/Radcliffe?	When did seven Protestant churches agree with the Nazi policy of forcing Jews to wear yellow arm bands?	Where are many hospital pharmacies located?	Why does a lower level of economic growth occur due to high-end consumption?	How many base pairs are there in Synechococcus DNA?	What has the increase of prices caused?	What type of professional is a Pharmacy Technician considered to be?	What band is considered by many to be the first black metal group?	In which year did the V&A received the Talbot Hughes collection?	What type of district is southern California home to many of?	What type of layout does Newcastle's streets have in many parts?	What led to protests and open discrediting of the ECK?	What did Davies call the System 	Dutch architect Janjaap Ruijssenaars's performative architecture 3D-printed building is scheduled to be built when?	What architecture type came after Norman in England?	Why is the need for acceptance of punishment needed?	What was Abu Hamaz al-Masri charged with when he was arrested?	Who designed and sculpted the marble fireplace in the Centre Refreshment Room?	What may be possible for multiple Kuznets' cycles to be in at any given time?	What is issued once construction is complete and a final inspection has been passed?	How often do Parliament elections take place?	How much does 17.7% of the population live on a day?	How many different species of ctenohore are there?	Which of the three heavily populated areas has the least number of inhabitants?	what did he patent in 1891? 	What was Warsaw the most diverse of in Poland?	How many turnovers did Cam Newton have?	What injury did Thomas Davis suffer from repeatedly, for a total of three times, during his career?	How many passengers can the Ford Fiesta accommodate?	Was the bubonic plague spread faster or slower than modern bubonic plague?	The largest brand of what store in the UK is located in Kingston Park?	What year did the the case go before the supreme court?	What is the festival of food and drink known as?	What should be avoided when talking to authorities?	When were the French wars of religion?	What happens to the jellyfish nematocysts when they are eaten by the haeckelia?	How many ACL injuries has Thomas Davis had during his career?	The papers of which famous English Victorian author are collected in the library?	How many interceptions did manning have in 2015?	What did Iqbal fear would weaken the spiritual foundations of Islam and Muslim society?	What is the average weight of the biomass per hectare in the Amazon?	How much did Tesla spend on the injured pigeon?	What has been the result of this publicity?	Who came up with germ theory?	Who gained control of Florida after the conclusion of the Revolutionary War?	What is the system by which prokaryotes retain phage gene fragments that they have previously come in contact with?	What does not constitute as civil disobedience?	When did Kublai attack Xiangyang?	What is the second busiest airport in the United States?	Who composed the original Doctor Who theme?	What is the study of proteins involved in immune response known as?	Where did Luther explain his idea of justification?	Tibetan art from which period is represented in the V&A collection?	Boycotting, refusing to pay taxes, sit ins, and draft dodging all make what harder?	When was the ABC Pictures division eventually dissolved?	What was the name of the Marco Polo episode?	What molecule does the Sun have in higher proportion than Earth?	Who was Mueller replaced as Associate Administrator?	Where was the practice place the Panthers used for the Super Bowl?	Who was one of the earliest examples of Civil Disobedience against?	What might offering bonuses help reduce?	How many cinemas are currently housed at one site?	How many primary affiliates did CBS have in 1954?	Who was one of the most famous people born in Warsaw?	What was the Genghis Khan's characteristic approach to religious diversity?	Of whom, to Luther, was justification entirely the work ?	Who designed the Vince Lombardi Trophy?	What trade was the city an important center of in the 14th century?	What approach did Oppenheimer advocate?	What is the name of the border to the south?	Compared to other causes, the effect of trade on inequality in America is what?	New broadcast regulations from the FCC in 1968 allowed companies to own a maximum of how many radio stations?	Where on Earth is free oxygen found?	What was Jacksonville referred to as after the consolidation?	The Tower District is centered around which historic theatre?	Who took Thomas Murphy's place after the Disney acquisition of ABC?	What government department did Buyantu shut down?	What victory at thwarted efforts of French relief ships.	What is the most common form of oxygen on the planet?	What reason is given that you should also protest public companies?	How many types of X.25 networks were there originally 	What do some believe about this pronunciation?	Who were the Westwood One sideline announcers?	Classification of resources is contingent on determining the upper and lower bounds of minimum time required by what?  	What may a Charter school require that their teachers meet the standards to be highly qualified by?	The majority of building construction jobs are what?	What earlier hymn was Luther's  adapted from?	The immune systems of bacteria have enzymes that protect against infection by what kind of cells?	In August 1994, which Flint, Michigan affiliate did ABC purchase?	In what year was a set of significant rule changes introduced including the forward pass?	Who did he fire?	What authority enforced the ban on the 95 Theses?	What is the last name of the player who finally recovered the ball Newton lost in the fourth quarter?	Who considers Luther's speech a world classic?	What type of Turing machine can be characterized by checking multiple possibilities at the same time?	What led to the production of tea paraphernalia such as china and caddies during the Georgian period?	What changed the Rhine's Delta?	What is one tradition within the Christian Church?	What is the second phase of the digitization project?	What is the country known for?	Who edited Electrical World magazine?	What are the attacks on teachers causing?	How much weight could the Saturn IB send into space with this amount of thrust?	What did Luther's area and tradition believe Jews to be guilty of?	Supplies from Jacksonville were in support of which faction in the Civil War?	What was Zia-ul-Haq accused of using Islamization to legitimize? 	Where are most working children working?	What year did the university team up with Shimer College?	What did Watt add to the steam engine in 1788?	Who sang the national anthem?	What was the name of the event at the The Embarcadero that was held prior to Super Bowl 50 to help show off some of the things that San Francisco has to offer?	What new product did Bank of America introduce in 1958?	When did Kenya reach the semi-finals?	What feature of the Amazon made people believe it couldn't have many inhabitants?	Why do land plants have more and smaller chloroplasts?	How many same-sex married couples or partnerships were there?	Who may be a spiritual teacher in the LDS Church?	What did Luther form in 1525 to 1529?	What kind of diseases do drugs target apicoplasts for?	 Any even number larger than what cannot be considered prime?	When did riots cause the expulsion of Jews from several German states?	At what university is Bellomy Field located?	Unsurprisingly, the mujahideen's victory against the Soviets in the 1980s failed to produce what?	What weapons were the Zulus using during the Anglo-Zulu War of 1879?	WHat do x.25 and Frame Relay both require	Who is parodied on programs such as Saturday Night Live and The Simpsons?	Who is the founder of modern community organizing?	What tribes were the Romans fearful would invade from the North?	What Lionsgate trailer was shown during the Super Bowl?	Which Fresno district is the center for the LGBT community?	What did Luther call these donations?	What was the catalyst that created greater interest in renewable resources?	At the time, countries such as Spain didn't have a crime against what?	What other series mentioned returned with a plot continuation?	When were the finalists announced?	Which theorem can be simplified to the Lasker–Noether theorem?	What does being an MSP share with the House of Commons?	In what theoretical machine is it confirmed that a problem in P belies membership in the NP class?	What type of civil disobedience is commonly accepted?	WBAI's broadcasting Some of George Carlin's comedy eventually led to what?	Who did Tesla work for in the 1880s?	Which seasons is the BBC missing a total of 79 episodes?	What was the Henry Cole Wing previously called?	Thoreau mentions what type of person could corrupt a government system?	Who did the Broncos beat to win their division in 2015?	Are there any other aviation communities such as Sierra Sky Park in the United States?	How much money is being spent on other Super Bowl-related events?	Where did American troops remain stationed after Saddam's defeat?	What does Luther's hymn Christ unser Herr zum jordan kam concern?	In what sector are jobs beginning to decrease?	According to Fermat's theorem, what period does 1/p always have assuming p is prime that is not 2 or 5?	Does the new deal include Video on demand and High Definition?	When was the study on sequenced Y genomes published?	Which major network was the most watched for the 2000-01 season?	What park covers an area of 76 ha.?	When did Tesla get his US citizenship?	What kind of facility was Wardenclyffe?	What group is Newcastle native Andy Taylor the former lead guitarist of?	How many lead authors does an IPCC report chapter have?	What are outcomes expected with Medication Therapy Management?	How many games did the Broncos lose during their regular 2015 season?	When does the annual animal migration occur?	When did Luther travel to Mansfeld twice?	When was Martin Luther ordained as a priest?	Who invented the first nuclear reactor?	When did Levi's Stadium open?	Who was one man who joined hands and said "Lord of the Church, we are united in Thee...?"	How large are the outer PD ring's filaments?	What did the astronauts on the moon send back to Earth live via signals?	What was invented by Savery?	Newcastle served as a northern fortress for which country during the Middle Ages?	In what month and year did the Apollo 11 mission occur?	Who was New France's governor?	The Amazon region is home to how many species of insect?	What major crop was brought to China from the west?	How many geomorphologic formations is Warsaw on?	How many major chloroplast replication models have been suggested?	What should the punishment rely on instead in a just society?	Which artist who had a major influence on the Gothic Revival is represented in the V&A's British galleries?	In what year did the affiliate program end?	Who was the #2 pick in the 2011 NFL Draft?	Who discussed Twigg's study in 2002?	Was the Use of the DATANET 1 name correct 	What London neighborhood attracted Huguenot refugees?	Who sold the Upper Rhine to Burgundy?	When did Maududi found the Jamaat-e-Islami party?	What church money collector said that the sould would spring from purgatory through monetary donations?	What is the only divisor besides 1 that a prime number can have?	How long did Project Apollo run?	Why was the 36 acres leased?	How did Tesla finance his work?	According to the UMC, persons who are addicted to pornography have altered perceptions of whom?	Where is corporal punishment usually performed these days?	What Comic Book series did ABC debut in 2013-14?	Full size working engines on what vehicles sometimes use oscillating cylinder steam engines?	How many schools of medicine were recognized in China?	At what age did British Gas plc force their workers to retire?	What pushed up the Pyrenees?	How much carbon gets wasted by using O2 instead of CO2?	Who did the Panthers beat to become the NFC champs?	What was the last Super Bowl that took place at Sun Life Stadium in Miami? 	Who called for an agency to be created to be solely focused at undermining the Islamism ideology?	In what cases can the EU not override German law?	What is an alternate way to make starch?	What is the name of the university's core curriculum?	Revolutionary civil disobedience towards culture is highlighted by example of who? 	What do bathyctena chuni, euplokamis stationis and eurhamphaea vexilligera have in common?	What do professional athletes seek to boost from breathing oxygen?	What did S&P recommend to somewhat remedy the wealth gap?	Who headed the Niagara Falls Cataract Construction Company in 1893?	What was the nickname given to the team Samuel Phillips was appointed to?	How did Luther describe the mass that was viewed as sacrifice?	What first opened in 1837?	How much of the earth's atmosphere is diatomic oxygen?	In what year were two Block I CSMs launched?	What was the most important of these cities or towns?	When did Galor and Zeria show new information about inequality?	What cable company removed ABC stations from it's systems in certain markets in April 2000?	What is the start of the salary year?	Where did Johnson stop?	During what decade did the campus start to look more modern?	Static friction balances what force when there is no movement of an object on a surface?	What is another way of learning that is not formal?	Harvard - Yale Regatta predates "The Game" by how many years?	What did the crew of Apollo 12 do with parts of the Surveyor they landed near after photographing them?	What computational problem is commonly associated with prime factorization?	What was the win/loss ratio in 2015 for the Carolina Panthers during their regular season?	What was one thing that was specifically tested on the Apollo 4 test launch regarding the CM?	What can a teacher use to help students learn?	How would the operator of observe the reflected signal?	How many Grade One listed railway stations are in the UK?	What was the name of the telegraph company Tesla returned to after it became functional?	In April 2014, how many New Zealand students attended private schools?	Where do chloroplasts make amino acids?	Which theorem would be invalid if the number 1 were considered prime?	What bus company in Newcastle provides the majority of services south of the river?	What was the name of Westinghouse's company?	Where is much of the work of the Scottish Parliament done?	What complexity class is characterized by a computational tasks and efficient algorithms?	Why did French feel they had right to Ohio claim?	What did the hymn, Aus tiefer Not express?	Who wrote "Walking in Fresno?"	How long may the Amazon rainforest be threatened, according to some computer models?	What effect does rubisco's flaw have?	How many cameras did EyeVision 360 utilize?	What is student motivation about school linked to?	Which khanates had converted to Islam?	What is the area called where one plate subducts under another?	What is the oxygen partial pressure of space suits?	Who ordered the attack on the caravan of traders Genghis Khan send to Khwarezmia?	What is the virus in humans that causes cervical cancer?	What rift system developed in the Alpine orogeny?	Semen contains what in order to kill pathogens?	What type of animal did onlookers claim was piloting the boat?	Ludwig Krapf recorded the name was what?	French Church Street is in what Irish town?	What is used by certain wealthy groups to obtain policies financially beneficial for them?	What does the name Fresno mean in Spanish?	What is the Rankine cycle sometimes called?	What is the Republic of Kenya named after?	What was the name of the imperialistic policy in China?	What mountain has snow on it all year round?	What was the name of the Tangut capital?	What aspect of Western medicine did the Chinese dislike?	What year was the conflict with the Song dynasty concluded?	The National Art Library at the V&A is known by what other name?	Which TV network broadcasted Super Bowl 50 in Spanish?	Who discovered the Yellow Fever virus?	What date was Super Bowl Opening Night held?	Milutin Tesla died at what age?	What does the replacement of the ticket machines and introduction of ticket gates herald the transition to?	In what year was the Kalven Report issued?	Whatare the electrostatic and magnetic force awritten as the sum of?	What does the Nederrijn change it's name to?	Who else observed that Luther view of souls was different form later views?	Who was the most frequent musical contributor to Doctor Who in the first 15 years of the show?	When did the Sarah Jane series begin?	When did Kibaki and Odinga sing an agreement on the formation of government?	Who was one prominent Huguenot-descended arms manufacturer?	The average contractor hired how many employees?	Which organisms have chloroplasts?	Who caught two passes from Manning after the failed Carolina field goal attempt?	Along with Stephenson and Walschaerts, what is an example of a simple motion?	What did the number of legions in Roman times depend on?	What thesis specifies that a polynomial relationship exists within time complexities in a computational model? 	What led to Newcastle's fall from power as military advisor?	What liberal succeeded Joseph Willard as president?	How did King Louis XV respond to British plans?	The term imperialism has been applied to western countries, and which eastern county?	What naval battles did France lose in 1759?	How much more oxygen dissolves at 0 degrees C than at 20 degrees C?	What class of ships is an example of large passenger liners?	What did the Moscone Center host?	The legislative body, the Council, are made up of what type of individuals?	Roughly how many clubs are ran at the university?	Why do some people purposely resist officers of the law?	A block of West End Avenue that houses an ABC News building was renamed for what ABC anchor?	What was the period called that was 505 million years ago?	What nationality is the band Coldplay?	Which California venue was one of three considered for Super Bowl 50?	When was St. John's Cathedral constructed?	What type of outlook do some of the Muslims in London have?	What, rather than Islamism, requires explanation?	What is the name of the private day school for K-12 students the university runs?	The smaller streams are used for what?	How large are granal thylakoids?	How fast were the winds around St. Augustine in the 1964 hurricane?	What was the usual type of school discipline?	Which dynasties' histories were officially documented during Toghun's reign?	What spot does Doctor Who hold in the 100 Greatest British TV Programs of the 20th Century?	What is the name of the CBS affiliate in Fresno?	Who used the church to unify themselves?	When did BSkyB discontinue the Sky+ Box?	How many auricles do most species have?	Who chartered the British East India Company?	What change in conditions may make the Amazon rainforest unsustainable?	What spacecraft did the Soviets use to send animals to space and around the moon's orbit?	What are the total number of votes to be counted during the voting process?	What is the yearly cost of some notable prep schools in New England?	Who handled play-by-play for the Denver radio market?	Who is the only other AFC Champion team to wear road jerseys in a Super Bowl?	Which Panthers player got a penalty, which gave the Broncos a new set of downs?	Turtles and jellyfish can eat large quantities of what?	What degree is now mandatory in the U.S. in order to be a licensed pharmacist?	As of February 2011, how many numbers has Goldbach's conjecture been proven to?	What type of process is the oxygen cycle?	What is Thomas B. Edsall's profession?	What was Isiah Bowman nick name, as known by the public.	Dendritic cells are named that because they resemble what?	Above what horsepower are steam turbines usually more efficient than steam engines that use reciprocating pistons?	Which actions by EU institutions can be subject to judicial review?	What was the hymn meant to examine students on?	To whom did Luther send a letter containing his 95 Theses?	What would change the rotational inertia of a body under Newton's First Law of Motion?	What did objects in forced motion contain according to the late Medieval idea that influence Aristotle?	What were the cultural origins of the engineers and technology adopted by the Mongol military?	What area differs from other areas in the United Kingdom regarding education?	Where is the Hyde Park Day School located?	Survival needs such as income for food and shelter motivates what type of entrepreneurship? 	Who was influential in promoting the use of chemical compounds as medicines?	In the United States, what is a usual turbine speed with 60 Hertz of power?	What Republic has maintained its control of Iran?	When was there a armed protest at Ballarat about mining taxes?	What direction did Watson say the mistake went in?	Why was there a depreciation of the industrialized nations dollars?	Where was the  Continental Edison Company located?	Who did the Broncos defeat in the AFC Championship game?	What continent are the Canarian Islands off the coast of?	The script writer for the special went on to have what role in the revised Doctor Who series?	How many sources of European Union law are there?	When was the Cretaceous-Paleogen extinction occur?	Why is the statement doubtful in the eyes of scholars?	When did the Rhine Straightening program begin?	How many different TV networks are considered to be the principal partners, when it comes to broadcasting NFL events?	In what expression can one expect to find DTIME(n)	Which French kind issued this declaration?	Which American show changed the views of Romanians during the cold war?	Which of Genghis Khan's sons was disqualified from being successor because of his unstable behavior?	How are forces classified with regard to push and pull strengt?	When did the Steven Spielberg movie Duel first debut?	what does vBNS stand for 	The administrators and directors Gilruth, von Braun and Debus reported to who?	Who did Luther strike out against in later years?	How much windblown dust leaves the Sahara each year?	When did the different colonies come together and form Kenya?	How to Baptized Members become Professing Members?	What was the building that formerly occupied the V&A's present site called?	How many siblings did Tesla have?	What would type of activities would require a teacher to take on a supervisor role?	What was started after these new programs were in place?	Who does not take a position on the canonicity of Doctor Who stories by other media?	What radio station do the students of Newcastle's two universities run?	What method is used to intuitively assess or quantify the amount of resources required to solve a computational problem?	When did the United States withdraw from the Bretton Woods Accord?	What does the sea monster with a female upper body hold in its claws?	What remain unsolved problems with the Kyoto Protocol?	What are other major fatality causes?	During glacial times, where was the mouth of the Rhine located?	Who was the 2015 NFL MVP?	Low doses of anti-inflammatories are sometimes used with what classes of drugs?	What directions the local church to offer membership preparation to all people?	Warner Center is located in which area?	What is the name of the property where the media event was held for Super Bowl 50?	What type of climate does Jacksonville have?	What person argues that civil disobedience is used to describe everything?	Which Doctors were highlighted on the first audio releases on CD?	What seed was the Denver Broncos?	What do oxygen tanks, cryogenics, and chemical compounds serve as for oxygen?	 what is Internet2	Of what did da Vinci think a part  was consumed during combustion?	NP complete problems contain the lowest likelihood of being located in what problem class?	What was the name of the leader ennobled by Henry III	In what year did Roger Goodell call Super Bowl 50 'an important game for us as a league'?	What was the name of the King of the Scots?	What other moniker was Genghis Khan's general Jebe known by?	What is the repulsive force of close range atom interaction?	Who kicked Ethelred out?	Is the output of a functional problem typically characterized by a simple or complex answer?	Who won the MVP for the Super Bowl?	"Bairn" and "hyem" have origins from what culture?	What was normal British defense?	How many developed countries did British researchers use to gather statistics from?	What spinoff of Happy Days debuted in 1976?	What Huguenot area is designated as a historical landmark?	In how many countries did Tesla hold patents?	How are the pyrenoid and thylakoids arranged?	What exchange in Warsaw is one of the most important for Central and Eastern Europe?	What building materials were used to build the main façade?	How did the 2001 IPCC report compare to reality for 2001-2006?	What was Martin Parry's role in the IPCC?	What is a genuine love of God with heart, soul and mind?	After the Lisbon treaty, the Charter and the Convention now co-exist under what?	Other than the desert city why do many locals and tourists frequent southern California?	What did President Kennedy do in response to the Soviet flight in regards of America's program?	When was Europe fully forested and recovered from the last Ice Age?	When did Tamara marry a lawyer?	How many receptions did Cotchery  get for the 2015 season?	What Chinese dynasty did the Mongols found?	What do those in the field do to ensure a positive outcome?	What South African industry descended from Huguenot settlers?	In modern times, what is said about civil disobedience?	How did Celeron feel about Native relations?	Who allegedly haunted the gate?	What distinct quality of combustion was  absent from philogiston theory? 	What did a lot of players need to change during Super Bowl 50 because of the condition of the field?	In what decade did ABC finish transitioning to color?	How many avulsions have occurred in the past 6000 yeas?	Approximately how many old masters works are included in the V&A collection?	What actor did sign language for the National Anthem at Superbowl 50?	How much time was left in the game when Denver took the score to 24-10?	How did Morgan react to the request?	How many teams has Manning played for that reached the Super Bowl, while he was on their team?	Jesmond and Heaton are areas filled predominantly with what?	What happens when bathocyroe and ocyropsis clap their lobes together?	What would a Probationer need to do to earn more money, after 6 years?	Who gave a negative connotation to civil disobedience in recent history?	The steps around the water feature can be drained for what uses?	What gets the Z-ring in the right place?	What did John Dobson describe Newcastle as?	What was Old Briton's response to Celeron?	What did the license to build this type of car expire in 2011?	At what angle were the groups of pistons set in relation to one another in a 4-cylinder compound?	How do cryptophyte chloroplasts arrange their pyrenoid and thylakoids?	In what area of the United States did Tesla move to?	In what area of this British colony were Huguenot land grants?	Who won Super Bowl 50?	Who developed the lithium-ion battery?	Where does the secondary theory say most genes are kept?	What type of materials inside the cabin were removed to help prevent more fire hazards in the future?	Where are issues like abortion and drug policy legislated on?	Who in Warsaw has the power of legislative action?	What ended the need for ABC to maintain interests in other countries?	What did the analysis from the sediment deposits indicate? 	What is the dispensary subject to in a majority of countries?	Who was the chief executive officer when the service began?	Of what group in the periodic table is oxygen a member?	What pope as a native of Poland?	In which direction does the west side of Fresno neighborhood lie to the 99 freeway?	Civil disobedience can occur when people speak about a certain topic that is deemed as?	What, on the part of a teacher, can result in a decrease in student performance	Who got a touchdown making the score 10-7?	In what body of water is the Harvard - Yale Regatta held?	In what year did the first European travel the entire length of the Amazon River?	What did the Taliban want to subject the entire country to?	What group initiated the community dialogues?	What does the First Minister deliver at the beginning of each parliamentary year?	How do students rate teachers that they feel are enthusiastic?	A complete loss of rainforest cover may be caused by what type of emissions?	Which Count did the Prince strike an arrangement with?	What is the process by which the antigen/antibody complex is processed in to peptides?	Despite being traditionall described as "eight counties", how many counties does this region actually have?	What mechanism can be used to make oxygen?	By the opening of the 2008 General Conference, what was the total UMC membership in the U.S.?	In what types of organisms did the adaptive immune system first evolve?	Which is older the British Empire or the Ethiopian Empire?	What is the strongest main interaction?	During what period did the Tower Theatre re-open?	What year was the new bus station in Newcastle officially opened?	On what date did Henry Kissinger negotiate an Israeli troop withdrawal from the Sinai Peninsula?	Which museum would receive items on loans from the Musical Instruments gallery?	What late Gothic architectural sculptural feature is found on the tower above the main entrance?	Where in Australia is Victoria located?	How much did the CM weigh in kgs?	How far west did the Mongol Empire extend after Kuchlug's demise?	What is stress-management training considered to be?	In what year was the South African Schools Act passed?	What health company was a Super Bowl sponsor?	When do chloroplasts spread out flat?	How did Der Sturmer describe Luther's On the Jews and their Lies	What language did Tesla study while in school?	Who can question statements the First Minister or members of the cabinet make?	Why was Tetzel seeking money in Germany?	Who was Tesla influenced by while in school?	What year did ABC's "TGIF" end?	When did the y. pestis reach England?	Vaginal secretions serve as a chemical protective barrier following what?	What was the naval base called?	What choice did French have for surrendering land?	What are construction managers?	Under Goldenson's merger plan, what would the new entity be named?	What disease did Tesla contract in 1873?	What is the only episode released on VCD?	When did Hitler order the annihilation of the Warsaw Ghetto?	Strang is an Anglo-Saxon word which means what in modern English?	How many first downs did the Panthers have in Super Bowl 50?	Where are bills typically gestated in Stage 1?	What was the name of the leader through the Great Depression and World War II?	In what year will the Barack Obama Presidential Center be finished?	How much does a Probationer earn, after 6 years of service?	What party forms the Scottish Parliament?	What plants don't need light to make chloroplasts?	The UMC established and is affiliated with approximately how many colleges and universities in the U.S.?	What did Luther tell the legate about the papacy?	Where is the mouth located on the pleuobrachia located?	Why might customers order from internet pharmacies?	Who received the pass that was ruled incomplete and confirmed after a challenge?	What protection comes after the innate response?	What did ABC do that was special in 2003?	How common was the form of corporal punishment in the past?	When did the Herald Tribune publish its Tesla article?	How many yards was the McManus field goal?	Where in China is Genghis Khan most favorably viewed today?	Who was the main crew of Apollo 1, of which they named themselves?	Which part of the V&A collection did the Salting Bequest enhanced?	What is the edge of the moraine plateau called?	Who won the competition to get a free Super Bowl commercial aired?	What is septicemia? 	When did Tesla move to New York City?	What was Tesla's device called?	When was the deportation of Acadians?	Newcastle was one of the first cities in the world to have what innovation?	How many times was Manning intercepted during the 2015 season?	How many of Jacksonville's city residents are younger than 18?	What was the source of the mistake?	What famous July Fourth holiday movie did Fox pay to advertise a sequel of during the Super Bowl?	Who was the first American to win the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences?	In between French and British, what groups controlled land?	What has technological innovation and automation replaced low-skilled jobs with?	What project structures assist the owner in integration?	What colors was the 2001 ABC logo?	Who wanted to acquire patents an AC motor.	Which provinces in Canada limit the rights of pharmacists in prescribing?	How many Apollo missions were manned by the previous Mercury and Gemini veterans?	Taking evidence from witnesses is one of committees' what?	What makes the Wells Fargo Center stand out?	Which countries became dependent on US's security assurance to threats?	How many seats must a political party have to be represented on the Parliamentary Bureau?	Who kicked a field goal for Denver?	What was the cause for the issues with city funding?	Who led the Mongolian Borjigin clan?	When did Tesla attain his electrical transmitter patent?	Who was the MVP of Super Bowl XLI?	When was Operation Market Garden?	The motto of the Muslim Brotherhood specifies what as being their constitution?	What type of jihad does HT avoid engaging in?	Where can Tesla's theories as to what caused the skin damage be found?	How did Tesla know he was being struck by the particle?	Today, which church is generally considered one of the more moderate and tolerant denominations?	What are the wave-particles called that mediate all electromagnetic phenomena?	When did Mechlin lace develop?	What is the goal of the capabilities approach?	What did the Italian government fail to do in Francovich v Italy?	What were the civil wars caused by the Huguenots called?	When were x-rays discovered? 	What South Korean car manufacturer purchased the factor in 1995?	What compounds in the stomach protect against ingested pathogens?	Why do firms substitute equipment for workers?	Where did France focus its efforts to rebuild its empire?	What is the Bielany Forest the last remnant of?	Which wireless company had exclusive streaming rights on mobile phones?	What company released the CD versions of the Doctor Who stories?	What is the largest city of Poland?	What was the team the Carolina Panthers played immediately prior to the NFC Championship game? 	Where was a lab for Tesla set up?	Why are debates on proposed motions by an MSP conducted?	What are clades?	What is wasted by rubisco's flaw?	What is the dialect of Newcastle known as?	How many professional schools does the University of Chicago have?	How many teams has Manning won the Super Bowl with?	What's the name of Newcastle's gay club scene?	What was the population density in 2000?	What do isolated, spaced out graves of plague victims indicate?	In which county does Jacksonville reside?	When did the UK formally subscribe to the Agreement on Social Policy?	What is the name of the European Union agency for external border security?	How many major immune responses do plants have?	What Lake in a German island Mainau receives a fraction of the Rhine's flow?	How were most city officials elected in the 1960s?	Who patented a high-pressure compound engine in 1805?	What type of person can not be attributed civil disobedience?	What was Luther involved in dealing with the minds in Mansfeld?	What is heralded by the sounding of the division bell?	What is income inequality attributed to?	The term "southern" California usually refers to how many of the southern-most counties of the state?	Which church's saint is nicknamed The Martyr?	What can result in creating a poverty trap?	What was Tesla's monthly consultant salary?	Who managed the original Theatre Royal in Newcastle?	How is packet switching charecterized	Where can the entire sedimentary sequence of the Grand Canyon be seen in less than the length of a meter?	How many days did the Warsaw Uprising last?	Who was responsible for the decorations of the Grill Room?	Who did Denver beat in the 2015 AFC Championship game?	Evolution of what part of the immune system occurred in the evolutionary ancestor of jawed vertebrates?	What is the last name of the player who bumped the ball away from Manning in the fourth quarter of Super Bowl 50?	Within the EU, which court believes they have the final word deciding on EU's competence?	Who was the founder of CBS?	What is the minimum percent of alcohol content a German law requires all spirits and liqueurs to have?	What was the name of the Norman castle?	What part of cryptophyte chloroplasts is similar to chlorarachniophytes?	Le grand asks for a variance of what three terms?	What is the use of the law by the Holy Spirit?	When did people once again start to show an interest in Tesla?	Who is an example of a sedentary people who were not favored by the laws of the Mongol Empire?	Who assembles the authors' contributions?	What was the name of the first Huguenot outpost in South Carolina?	What is that grace of God which sustains the believers in the journey towards Christian Perfection?	The Rhine forms the border between Austria and what other country? 	When was Temüjin's half-brother Begter killed?	How many horsepower was Watt's engine?	Under which courts is most EU law applied?	What types of diseases are specialty drugs often used against?	What happened to the things inside the lab after it was torn down?	What term was used for the first regeneration?	What year did the the Saints hit a 13-0 record?	Who is responsible for education in the country of Australia?	The university's center in Beijing is located next to what school's campus?	When did the black death technically subside?	When did the undergraduate program become coeducational?	Who did Luther remind the peasants to obey?	Which player did the turf collapse under during a game in the Levi's Stadium?	How many warriors did Toghrul provide Temüjin when his wife was captured?	How much larger would cicada predator populations be if cicada outbreaks occurred at 14 and 15 year intervals?	How much did Edison offer Tesla to redesign a motor and generators?	When was the British Nationality Act passed?	Who was the inventor of the atmospheric engine?	What body has stated that physicians can also dispense drugs under specific conditions?	Who is responsible for ensuring the Parliament works smoothly?	What is the immune system of the brained known as?	The paintings donated by John Sheepshanks were by artists of which nationality?	What scripture did Luther use to back up his opinion that churchmen were not infallible?	On what did Tesla blame for the loss of the initial money?	What is involved in a review of prescribed medications?	What two radio stations in Denver carried Super Bowl 50?	Where did France win a war in the 1950's	In the fall quarter of 2014, how many students signed up for the university's four graduate divisions?	Where does Kenya have deposits of oil?	What do green chloroplasts have instead of phycobilisomes?	To where did Ethelred flee?	How many other contestants did the company, that had their ad shown for free, beat out?	Who did Tesla call in the middle of the night?	When did the high school education movement occur?	Where was the new media day event for Super Bowl 50 held?	What lineage is Karlodinium in?	Along with poppet valve gears, what type of gears utilized separate admission and exhaust valves to give ideal events?	What trading route joined Khwarezmia and the Mongol Empire?	How else can petrologists understand the temperature at which different mineral phases appear?	What would the local council of Newcastle like to link their local bike networks to?	Besides cultural events, what other tourist attraction does Victoria have?	Which network broadcasted Super Bowl 50 in the U.S.?	Where was French withdrawal to?	Who painted the retable of St. George that is in the V&A collection?	What composer used Luther's hymns in his works?	Along with the Anglican Church and Uniting Church, what religious denomination operates private schools in Australia?	What is different about Paulinella chromatophora?	What does quadratic reciprocity seek to achieve?	What percentage of oxygen is usually supplied by a medical mask?	Which entity focused upon the free movement of workers?	Who sacked Newton with 11 seconds left in the first half?	What is the annual construction industry revenue in 2014?	A problem set that that is hard for the expression NP can also be stated how?	Who ended up replacing Joseph Francis Shea as ASPO Manager?	Which canal was dug in France to carry Rhine's water?	Who did Toghrul join in a campaign against Temüjin?	From which countries were the V&A's collection of Delftware produced?	What school did both Hank Marvin and Bruce Welch attend?	What is the level of inequality in underdeveloped countries?	What powers does the Court of Justice of the European Union have in regards to treaties?	What are the hairs on ctenophores called?	What percentage of the U.S. population self-identify with UMC?	What is the low end of the temperature range in summer?	What was William Johnson's role in British military?	What event did Storch and Muntzer help instigate?	At what rank does GPS per capita set Victoria?	When did Martin Luther publish his translation of the New Testament?	Who played quarterback for the Broncos after Peyton Manning was benched?	What are the two ABC affiliates for Kansas City, Missouri?	Who hired Tesla when he moved to New York?	How long was each episode of Doctor Who?	What was the title of ABC's broadcast film program that debuted on Sundays in 1962?	What English chemist showed that fire only needed nitoaereus?	What was intended for the site of the former boiler house?	What area in modern-day Canada received Huguenot immigrants?	Why the narrow part of St. John's River called Cowford?	When did Menich serve as President?	Where did Maududi's books place Islam?	When was the Last Glacial Maximum?	What position did Justin Tucker play?	Which mobile service were Verizon customers able to watch Super Bowl 50 on their phones?	Sleep hormones shift the cytokine balance to which cytokine?	Why did Temüjin kill those of Jamukha's followers that had betrayed their leader?	What department in the U.S. spearheaded the efforts against Islamism? 	What was the final score of Super Bowl XXXIII?	Why did he want to make the language accessible to people?	What car is licensed by the FSO Car Factory and built in Egypt?	When did the last batch of students that followed the former system graudate?	The UK and France had non interruptions in their oil supply as they did not allow which country to use their airfield?	What have many HT members graduated to joining?	What was the first Super Bowl branded with Roman numerals?	When was the term "regeneration" first used?	How much imported oil came from the Middle East?	What does BSkyB's sport portfolio include?	How many people attended the funeral?	Why should someone not commit a crime when they are protesting?	What art historical style was used in the decoration for the northern part of the museum?	In the range between 1980 and 1990, what did demand for grow?	What Canadian cable station started showing Doctor Who in 2009?	Which Carolina Panthers team member was picked as the team's MVP in 2015? 	What does a high tide risk near lands? 	What kind of arches does Norman architecture have?	What do larger fortunes generate?	In what year was there an attempt to withdraw the UMC membership?	How many individual libraries make up the main school library?	What percentage of private school students go to Catholic schools?	What was the BBC hoping that an independent production firm would do for Doctor Who?	What British Prime minister advisor is also a university alumni member?	To what is singlet oxygen more reactive?	When was the Ming dynasty in power?	What company did Eisner become president of when he left ABC in 1976?	What does ctenophora use for digestion and respiration?	What did Gano hit on his 44-yard field goal attempt?	An adobe that provides less utility to one person than another is an example of reduced what?	Where can the complexity classes RP, BPP, PP, BQP, MA, and PH be located?	What practice do some internet pharmacies engage in?	Tumors that are able to evade the body's immune response can become what?	What did he work on refining until the end of his life?	What team did Justin Tucker play for?	What will a society with more equality have?	What issues may prevent women from working outside the home or receiving education?	Who got a 61-yard return when players thought he called for a fair catch but did not?	Who calculated the speed of light?	What is a Hauptlied?	When was liquid oxygen developed for commercial use?	What Canadian investor sought ABC's help in launching a station in 1960?	What area was Kublai trying to capture by attacking Xiangyang?	What sacrament accords Christians renewed life?	What is the name of one impressive continuation of the Fermat primality test?	What is the name of a Bodhisattva vow?	When did Sky launch a TV advertising campaign target towards women?	How many companies were listed on the WSE on August 2009?	What kind of programs can be credited for ABC's success in the late 1950s?	How much does a Probationer earn, initially?	What does the template for bills passed by the Scottish Parliament include?	What are the two official languages?	How large can ctenophora grow?	Whose shrine did the pilgrims go to in 1016?	During which season did ABC first take the lead spot in television rating?	What district of Warsaw chose the President between 1994 and 1999?	What is the name of the American writer and satirist who is also a university alumni?	How does HT strive to amass power?	What does critically tapered mean? 	What type of role that Islamism seeks makes it a somewhat controversial concept?	What is another word for centripetal force?	Who teaches the proper way of living in Islam?	Who wrote the Nong Shu?	Who aide the Reich in Germany in antisemitism?	What was the English name of Gou's calendar?	What is one way of digital civil disobedience that can have far reaching consequences?	How many Catholic schools were in Victoria?	Where did the monks flee to?	Does BSkyB carry any control over the picture quality of a channel?	How is winter weather in Jacksonville described as?	What were the native inhabitants of Australia called?	What was the largest pottery company in the world in 1817?	Who was exempt from the meritocratic principles of the Mongol Empire?	Which TFEU article defines the ordinary legislative procedure that applies for majority of EU acts?	Which Apollo was the first testing of the LM, unmanned, in Earth's orbit?	The function of long-lived memory cells is an example of what kind of immune response?	What is the name of the Host Committee's charitable initiative?	What do chloroplasts do like mitochondria?	What doesn't change from being at rest to movement at a constant velocity?	When did Gerhard Lessing reach his conclusions about Luther?	What are those from Jacksonville sometimes called?	Are atmospheric oxygen levels going up, down, or staying the same?	What did the Merwede-Oude Maas form with Waal and Lek?	How much damage does breathing oxygen in space conditions cause?	Since when was the Rhine part of the areal of Hallstatt culture?	What does the WG I Summary for Policymakers report say human activities are doing to greenhouse gases?	What tool do stratigraphers use to see their data in three dimensions?	In what year did Harvard President Joseph Willard die?	What type of membership will allow local pastors to retire as clergy?	Gateways allowed private companies to do what 	What countries is corporal punishment still a normal practice?	What is generally considered to be the most basic iteration of a Turing machine?	What is a term for the reversing of steam flow in a piston engine after each stroke?	When did the Il-khanate experiment with paper money?	What two country's referendums curtailed a constitution for Europe?	Residential construction practices, technologies, and resources must conform to what?	What was done to counteract the overpopulation of mnemiopsis in The Black Sea?	What year was North America's first printing press started?	What is a regulatory factor produced by macrophages?	What was the name of Bohemond's nephew?	Who designed the  Möllendorff Dinner Service?	What position did Tesla hold in the Central Telegraph Office?	When did France and the Dutch fight in the 17th century?	Who congratulated the SNP while vowing to campaign against their referendum?	What is the general perception of non-Mongolian histories of Genghis Khan by Mongolians themselves?	When did a plague-ridden ship land in Norway?	What country did the Rhine continue to rise during the holocene?	What is the legal boundary behind the High and Upper Rind?	Fielding H. Garrison believes that the science of geology can be traced to where?	What is the effect of testosterone on the male immune system?	What mainline station is to the east of the city center?	How many Grammy Award's does the text say Lady Gaga has won?	Which directive mentioned was created in 1994?	When will Ford's manufacturing plants close?	What is the section of the Rhine Gorge recognized by UNESCO called?	What has an equivalence between mass and space-time?	Who fumbled the ball on 3rd-and-9?	What spacecraft contained data to determine the oxygen content of the Sun?	What type of theater do the neighborhoods feature?	What architecture type came before Norman in England?	What was Tesla's position with Westinghouse?	Approximately how many works by Rodin are part of the museum collection?	How did the committee raise the money?	How many times was Cam Newton sacked?	When was the IPCC Trust Fund founded?	The Art Noveau style of glassware is represented by which two artists?	When was the Old Testament translation finished?	What kinds of sciences were Social Darwinism and theories of race?	Tumor antigens are complexed with MHC class I molecules in the same way as what antigens?	What are the three sectors of construction?	When were the talks held for braodcast right to the Primier league for a five year period from the 1992 season?	How did Denver score at the end of the drive?	What could justify restrictions on freedom of establishment?	What caused UK to have an oil crisis in its own country?	How many main flows are branched off from the Nederrijn?	When would a person be considered to be excising a constitutional impasse?	How much time was left in the quarter when Stewart got the touchdown?	What was a first for this network 	Which reason is given sometimes to plead not guilty involving these matters?	How many cases of malaria did Kenya report in 2006?	When a plant is injured, what can become proplastids?	Who is given credit for discovering geoglyphs along the Amazon River?	The uniflow engine is an attempt to fix an issue that arises in what cycle?	the US expansion Westward could be viewed as what type of colonialism?	What are muroplasts?	To what network did Sabrina the Teenage Witch move in 2000?	How many seasons did the original Doctor Who run?	The freedom to provide services under TFEU article 56 applies to who?	What changes macroscopic closed system energies?	How many Examination Boards exist in India?	When was John Gallagher born?	When was Nikola Tesla born?	What do all member states agree takes precedence over national law?	When did Henry issue the Edict of Nantes?	Who ranked Warsaw as the 32nd most liveable city in the world?	On what day does a General Question Time take place?	When was the first known historical reference to immunity?	Other than San Bernardino, which other developed southern Californian city is not in close proximity to the coast?	How much support is there for the US approach to economic development?	What fields of study did Martin Luther prefer?	Why might a physician diagnose a large number of conditions?	How did their lawyer suggest they would plea?	Who lost 3 yards on a tackle by Shaq Thompson?	What later actions by the Nazis could be traced back to Luther's rhetoric?	What California city last hosted the Super Bowl?	Between what dates was the building on Pilgrim Street refurbished? 	Who was the game's leading rusher?	How old was Elway during his Super Bowl XXXIII win?	When did Honda, Toyota and Nissan open US assembly plants?	What did the IPCC say was mistaken?	In what episode does the "Fall of the Eleventh" happen?	What institute did the university announced to everyone in 2008?	How many species were found in the Burgess Shale?	What was the name of the rock found during the Apollo 15 mission that KREEP was discovered in?	What is said to be the largest travelling funfair in Europe?	Where was Tesla hoping to attend classes in Prague?	What was the name of the 3D system effect in Dimension in Time?	What is a way you can show police officers civil disobedience ?	What company created Doctor Who?	What term was used for the second regeneration?	How many teachers are usually involved when co-teaching?	What is essential for the successful execution of a project?	How much heavier is oxygen 18 than oxygen 16?	What is the lowest recorded temperature in Victoria?	What percentage does the Amazon represents in rainforests on the planet?	What does pushing and pulling perceptions provide for describing forces?	What is the population of the second largest city in California?	In what year were Tesla's motor and transformer designs licensed to Westinghouse?	How many were killed by plague in Naples in 1656?	What publication called Doctor Who "The Greatest UK Science Fiction Series Ever"?	What spelling of Genghis most closely matches its probable pronunciation?	Who built a castle in Newcastle in 1080?	When was the last episode of the original series?	What is the name of the organization in charge of running the clubs at the university?	Other than the steamboat, what modern form of travel brought visitors to Florida?	Who wrote that it is difficult to produce an all inclusive definition of civil disobedience?	What was the given name of Miami's stadium at the time of Super Bowl 50?	What is another name for the west side of Fresno?	What did Schurf's letter say  Luther's return caused?	The word imperialism has it's origins in which ancient language? 	What collection does the V&A Theatre & Performance galleries hold?	When was the National Highway Designated Act signed?	What are some supplementary sources of European Union law?	What fields have increased in influence on pharmacy in the United States?	How many Khitan Tumens were there?	In his defense of Doctor Who, what did Philip Howard compare to the London property market?	What does the beroe do when pursuing prey?	What did the Polish citizens understand the subtext of John Paul II's words to be?	How would one describe the summers in Fresno?	Where are the upper Rhine and upper Danube crossed?	What is the name of the region that is not defined by the eight or 10 county definitions?	How concentrated do the hydrogen ions get in the thylakoid space?	In addition to schools, where else is popularly based authority effective?	Where did Super Bowl 50 take place?	Approximately how many items are in the costume collection of the V&A?	The university was a founding force behind what conference?	Who is the oldest quarterback to play in a Super Bowl?	In 1735, where did John and Charles Wesley teach the gospel in America?	What fields may pharmacy informatics also work in?	What does connecting different Sky Q boxes enable them to do?	What language is used in Chinese primary schools in Malaysia?	What does 'Pax Mongolica' mean?	What is similar to vocational training?	What is the land area of Jacksonville?	What is one common example of a critical complexity measure?	What completed the triad 	What Denver player caused two fumbles for the Panthers?	What tribe uses GPS devices to map lands?	Where is the comparison found of this Lord's Prayer hymn?	$500 Million was supplied for the Capital City - ABC merger by what investor?	How many customers does Sky UK Limited have as a pay-TV broadcaster as of 2015?	What high maintenance part did Tesla's AC motor not require?	Who recovered Ward's fumble?	Who led the attack of the French colony in 1565?	Whose theory was the theory of continental drift?	What is the second most abundant element?	Besides Leibniz, what other mathematician proved the validity of Fermat's little theorem?	What does the world's first Museum of Posters have one of the largest collections of in the world?	What shape is the water feature in the John Madejski Garden?	What is necessary for chloroplasts to replicate?	What is another way of referring to stators?	What class sizes can make keeping order difficult?	What French animation studio did ABC purchase in 1993?	Which region is represented the most in the textiles collection?	How many rooms does the Warsaw Historical Museum have?	Who bought the factory in 2005?	What was published in February of 2007?	What is the capitol of Kenya?	What financial issue is notoriously prevalent in the construction field?	What are the main legislative bodies of the European Union?	When did the Democratic Republic of Afghanistan collapse?	Why did Westinghouse not secure a patent for a similar motor?	Who founded the Muslim Brotherhood?	What is the grace that we receive by faith and trust in God?	What combined with ricing prices to make it difficult or impossible for poor people to keep pace?	When did Buyantu resume testing potential government employees?	In which months does Fresno experience increased wind coming from the southeastern direction?	Prior to Super Bowl 50, what was the last Super Bowl in California?	What version of the English translation of the Bible did Luther's translation affect?	What did the Ominde Commission do?	Who assisted Wesley with ordaining Whatcoat and Vasey as presbyters?	What was a major success, especially in rebuilding Warsaw?	Which sitcom ended its broadcast run for ABC in 1983?	What are cancerous tumors of the skin known as?	Where did the Broncos practice for the Super Bowl?	What Doctor was first referred to as "his secret"?	What is the exam at the end of Form Four?	Who demonstrated how to create a perfect number from a Mersenne prime?	When a commission reached no decision, what happened?	What are the secretions commonly called?	What region of the Rhine was changed by the Rhine Straightening program?	How many customaries does Norman customary law have?	How many of the survey respondents considered Doctor Who very unsuitable for family viewing?	Where did Luther say that the soul doesn't sleep, but rather has visions?	Where is the famous rock the Rhine flows around?	Which company held a contest whereupon contestants could enter for a chance to have their own commercial shown during Super Bowl 50?	How many people were registered to receive the HD service prior to launch?	What device is used to treat various conditions such as carbon monoxide poisoning?	How many times has Doctor Who won the Hugo for Best Dramatic Presentation?	Why did the General Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church split into two conferences?	What is defined as the majority vote?	What kind of rail system is Metro Trains Melbourne?	Where did Luther become angry at the widespread destruction of church property?	What is  DECnet	How did the education during the high school education movement differ from the subsequent high school education?	How many types of movements do euplokamis tentilla have?	In what year was the Super Bowl last held in the Miami/South Florida area?	What other locations can the Booth School of Business be found?	In cases with shared medium how is it delivered 	How fast do objects fall on Earth?	As a result of a compromise, about how many Chinese schools became National Type schools?	What do gravitational forces act between?	In a computational problem, what can be described as a string over an alphabet?	Which NFL team represented the AFC at Super Bowl 50?	Which South Asian island nation is represented in the V&A collection?	What are the three most abundent elements of the universe by mass?	What is the service sector dominated by?	How much money did John Jacob Astor IV provide Tesla with?	What was the percentage of Black or African-Americans living in the city?	What type of civil disobedience is larger scale?	How long is the Upper Rhine Plain?	What elements from the rift system in the Alpine orogeny in Southwest Germany?	What is the only form kinetic energy can change into?	When did the Wahhabi seized the Grand Mosque in Mecca?	What kind of non-peer-reviewed sources does the IPCC use?	Which river joins the Rhine in Duisburg?	What is the Bassin de compensation de Plobsheim in Alsace? 	Where does the cold water mix with Lake Constance?	The Rhine and what other river drained the northern flanks of the alps?	Which languages used the Phags-pa script?	What philosophies underlay Chinese medicine?	Why did British operation fail in 1755, 56, 57?	What type of item is the mostly likely to show in the V&A computer system?	Evidence indicates that Cydippids are not what?	What is the upper house of the Parliament of Victoria called?	Who often operates internet pharmacies?	Where was the Gate of King Hugo?	What were blank spaces used for on nineteenth-century maps?	What are some of the causes of child labor?	What was believed to be the cause of devastation to the civilization?	What was planned for Luther by Frederick III after the meeting?	How did William Shirley feel about French advancement?	Besides the walk to the church, what else was left out of the day's celebration?	What was the basis mentioned for the develpment of the general theory of relativity?	What was the percentage of people that voted in favor of the Pico Act of 1859?	The first episode of Doctor Who premiered the day after what famous event in history?	In what country was the Doctor Who film not successful enough to spawn a series?	Who was Kennedy's science adviser that opposed manned spacecraft flights?	When did the origins of magnetic and electric fields occur?	What is the name of another type of prime here p+1 or p-1 takes a certain shape?	When was Skylab's last crew on the station before it re-entered Earth's atmosphere?	What do Germans call private schools?	What hotel did the Panthers stay in during Super Bowl 50? 	At the time of Martin Luther what was in demand?	What was the first Lutheran hymnal?	From whom did Genghis Khan learn seige warfare?	What engines were used throughout most of the 20th century to propel ships?	What was the first point of the Reformation?	The presence of who is highly likely even in small projects?	What do the Devonshire Hunting Tapestries depict?	When did the university start having a bachelor's degree program in Cinema & Media studies?	What percentage of a high pressure engine's efficiency has the Energiprojekt AB engine achieved?	What is Luther's thought about the extent of his church?	Which theorem states that all large odd integers can be expressed as a sum of three primes?	During which eon did free oxygen begin appearing in quantity?	When was the third period of high viewership for the Doctor Who series?	How many forced fumbles did Von Miller have during the Super Bowl 50 game?	At what time did Tesla get dinner?	Where does the Lek join? 	Why did the university see a drop in applicants? 	What is another term for rotors?	What storm had the most significant impact on Jacksonville?	Which county is developing its business center?	What does a teacher need to be with regards to their subject matter?	How can you protest against big companies in a non violent way?	What doctrine did the doctrine of the Principles of Geology successfully promote?	The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim are from which sport?	On what date was Super Bowl 50 given to Levi's Stadium?	How many companies were part of the Quickbooks contest?	By what name were the "supposedly reformed" known?	What scientist created the Daleks, by mutation?	What two things does pharmacy informatics bring together?	How populous is Victoria compared to other Australian states?	What is an example of a machine model that deviates from a generally accepted multi-tape Turing machine?	How many people lived in Fresno in 2000, according to the Census Bureau? 	Which gallery was redesigned in the 1990s and later improved in 2002? 	What region does use the term 'private schools' to refer to universities?	D'Olier Street is named after whom?	In what city is SAP Center located?	The European Court of Justice cannot uphold measures that are incompatible with what?	Who confirmed Watt's discovery of latent heat?	What is the process of vaccination also known as?	Who knocked the ball out of Manning's hands on the next play?	How do platyctenids reproduce?	Which country's arms purchase from the US became 5 times more than Israel?	Vaccination exploits what feature of the human immune system in order to be successful?	Which Proctor and Gamble produced soap opera did ABC air?	Who was the president of UPT in 1951?	Who made the first to measure value of the Newton Universal Gravitation Constant?	Browlee also applies that civil disobedience is okay regarding?	What are the tentacles of cydipped ctenophores are usually fringed with?	What town in upstate New York was settled by Huguenots?	When was vetting introduced?	How do the fees at former Model C schools compare to those at other schools?	What nationality was Arthur Woolf?	What ABC action series went up against NBC's variety shows in Fall 1957?	When were the Normans in Normandy?	What impact did the high school education movement have on the wages of skilled workers?	What do Cydippids use to capture their prey?	What type of Lord is Doctor Who?	What is a course of study called?	When was the first plastome sequenced?	Which country did Rewe-Zentrale AG wish to import from?	How did the 2001 IPCC report compare to reality on temperature levels?	How many cities in southern California have over 200,000 residents?	What is the area called near the Rhine Gorge with castles from the middle ages?	Who sequenced the first plastome?	How many firms were existing in 2005?	What is the name of Newcastle's basketball team?	When did Tesla stop serving as the vice president of American Institute of Electrical Engineers?	Who won the Super Bowl MVP?	What did the  fossils found in the Burgess Shale lack?	What year was Casimir Pulaski born in Warsaw?	What is an autoimmune disease that affects women preferentially?	At what time did Martin Luther die?	What is the colloquial phrase used to convey the continuum of algorithms with unlimited availability irrespective of time? 	When did this leader publish a French language Bible?	When was Temüjin elected khan of the Mongols?	In what year was the Doctor Who 40th Anniversary show?	What literary reference compares the Master to Doctor Who?	What type of wages result from jobs where there is low supply but high demand?	How many seats are in the debating chamber?	What's the average decibel level of noise in Newcastle?	What is the name of the alphabet is most commonly used in a problem instance?	Who has the role of holding the Scottish Government to account?	What nuclear forces only act at short distances?	MPs representing English constituencies can only veto laws affecting which country? 	What is the name of Mongolia's largest airport?	What satellite was used when Sky digital was launched?	What school did he enroll in during 1875?	What happened to the dynamos in the power station?	What form of poetry was developed in the Yuan?	What is the atmosphere in a school using popularly based authority?	All clergy appointments are made for how long?	How much of the Rhine flow does Ijssel carry?	What is the guidebook for local churches and pastors?	What is the boundary between the High and Upper Rhine? 	What city is the capital of Victoria?	What is dramatic gesturing an example of?	When is the suspended team scheduled to return?	What kind of organism is Cyanophora?	What famous conductor went to Harvard?	How many men were in Robert's army?	Who was the medical report written for?	How much more land does the school own in Allston than Cambridge?	How many levels of galleries do the façades surround?	Which of Luther's hymn was the main one for Advent?	How long ago was it when the water broke through the Purus Arch?	When was the French and Indian War?	What is the major tributary for the Rhine? 	Who designed the illumination systems that Tesla Electric Light & Manufacturing installed?	Which border does the Rhine flow from the south?	What effect does European Union law have on laws of member states?	What modern city is located on the original Huguenot colony?	How many settlers original settled in Manakintown?	What did AUSTPAC support 	What company agreed to terminate high court proceedings with Virgin Media?	What is Kenya's literacy rate?	Of what mountain system are the Victorian Alps a part?	What other sources of high oxidative potential can add to a fire?	What language is spoken in Kenya?	How many seats does the amphitheatre at Woodward park have?	What was the title of the first choral hymnal?	The Maroons compete in what league division?	A growing number of new forms of procurement involves what?	Who went to Wittenberg to hear Luther speak?	What is the basic pay for a teacher, in Euros?	What impacts gender inequality in wages?	According to a 1955 review, what were savings by the wealthy thought to offset?	When was the Dutch Revolt?	How effective was the military use of the "Afghan Arabs"?	What did the radical reformers cause in the new order?	Where does the diatom endosymbiont store starch?	When was Isiah Bowman appointed to President Wilson's Inquiry?	What is another type of accountant other than a CPA?	What is the main judicial body of the EU?	What type of number theory utilizes and studies prime ideals?	What did Sir Charles Parsons invent?	Of what does the covalent double bond result from ?	Who wrote a resounding letter to the elector praising Luther?	What portion of households in Jacksonville have only one person?	In a 4-cylinder compound engine, what degree were the individual pistons balanced at?	Drop in the blood levels of cortisol and epinephrine results in increase levels of what hormones?	France laid siege to Montpellier in what year?	What can result in more equal distribution of income?	What were the first two stations to carry ABC's programming?	The business allowed for private companies to do what 	How many seats did the SNP take from the Liberal Democrats?	Which famous French artist who painted the Grande Odalisque of 1814 is represented in the drawings collection of the V&A?	What kind of allegations were brought after the 2007 election?	What class is most commonly not ascribed to the graph isomorphism problem in spite of definitive determination?	How many seats does Victoria have in the Australian House of Representatives?	What is the force between two locations related to?	Who was added to party as Washington went on the way?	How many square kilometers of rainforest is covered in the basin?	What's the name of Newcastle's speedway team?	How much did Capital Cities/ABC report in revenues in 1990?	Approximately how many objects comprise the museum's collections of South and South-East Asian art?	What did all three cathedrals in Newcastle begin their existence as?	What type of education was assessed during this time?	When did papal nuncio Karl von Miltitz get Luther to make concessions ?	New techniques of building construction are being researched, made possible by advances in what?	What beverage company signed a contract allowing them to broadcast ads at a discount?	What is the name of the quarterback who was 38 in Super Bowl XXXIII?	What title was given to Genghis Khan posthumously?	In which season did the ABC logo first appear as an on-screen bug?	What do pharmacy technicians depend on more and more?	What was the occupation of Tesla's father?	How successful was the French revised efforts?	What was one proposal to let the IPCC respond to new evidence faster?	When did the San Francisco Bay area last host the Super Bowl?	What is Prevenient grace?	What does the Beroe eat? 	By which year did Chrysler ended its full sized luxury model?	How many rival princes were involved in assassinating Gegeen?	What are the first buildings the university built knows as today?	Who are some of the best rally drivers that have won the rally?	What was the target percentage of households BSkyB wanted to reach?	What new typeface was created for ABC for use in advertising?	Richard Allen and Absalom Jones were licensed by St. George's Church in what year?	Telnet Used what  Interface technology	In March 2015, how many owned-and-operated stations did ABC have?	What NASA astronaut is also a university alumni member?	Who is the general secretary for the National Association of Schoolmasters Union of Women Teachers?	Who did Abercrombie replace as commander in chief?	Where can chloroplasts sometimes be found?	What dynasty did Genghis Khan plan to attack after conquering Western Xia?	Where in Las Vegas did a famous protest take place?	What was the Yuan's unofficial state religion?	What did the Court of Justice say Steymann was entitled to?	What are cestida called?	Setting speed limits was one of the further devolutions which was conferred by what act?	What does the UMC endorse under strict and effective international control?	What caused Luther to write hymns?	What do chloroplasts use their ribosomes for?	How much did Silas B. Cobb pledge to the university?	In what year was the Lunar Module (LM) dropped because it wasn't seen as useful?	What are the three major types of rock? 	What is Southern California often abbreviated as?	Which boulevard can you find many majestic homes in the area?	What university alumni member was known for his work on portfolio theory?	Which building was the NFL Experience held at for Super Bowl 50?	What additional srevice did BSkyB offer besides HD channels that they claimed offered "substantially more value"?	Why does Doctor Who's TARDIS always look the same?	What is the name of the desert on the border of Arizona?	In what year did Jerónimo de Ayanz y Beaumont patent a water pump for draining mines?	Which cidippid is used as a description on ctenophores in most textbooks?	Where are a bulk of factories concentrated along the Rhine?	Whose saying about freeing souls from purgatory was often quoted?	What effect did Genghis Khan's career have on communication and trade across Asia?	Resources are constrained by hierarchy theorems to produce what?	Which British monarch appears above the frame around the arches and entrance?	To where was Luther's final journey?	What caused the need for principal Treaties that ended up forming the EU?	How do Mongolians sometime describe their relationship to Genghis Khan?	What type of teaching would help the most with everyday life?	Who won Super Bowl 50?	Who was the second female Nobel laureate ?	What happened to the AS-205 mission originally?	What can work to even the distribution of wealth?	What are examples of economic actors?	The V&A is looking to open a branded gallery in which city in Scotland?	Where did ABC construct it's transmitter for its affiliate station in San Francisco?	What are teachers considered to be in Germany?	Which company won a contest to have their ad shown for free during Super Bowl 50?	When was Doctor Who created?	Under which leader did the Huguenots fight in this conflict?	Over how many species of trees can be found in the Saxon Garden?	What was Newton's quarterback rating for 2015?	When did the BBC rebroadcast the first episode of Doctor Who?	From what pad was Apollo 5 launched from?	What is the term that describes the difference between what higher paid and lower paid professionals earn?	What are committees in the Scottish Parliament compared to other systems?	When was the Upper Rhine sold to Burgundy?	What does immunodeficiency cause?	Who is the designer of the "50?"	Who presents different ideas about how to accomplish goals?	Where do IPCC reports get their information?	How many times has a Super Bowl taken place at Miami's Sun Life Stadium?	What rank does Doctor Who hold in a list of the 100 Greatest Kids' TV Shows?	How many inhabitants did Betty Meggers believe could occupy each square kilometre of the Amazon?	What is the final stage of a bill in the Scottish Parliament?	What causes the population of ctenophora to grow at an explosive rate?	Who found that Protestants voted for Nazis more than Catholics?	What is the chloroplast polypeptide synthesized on?	Where is Brazil ranked globally in soybean production?	Where do the branches Waal and Nederrijn-Lek discharge to?	When are the ashes now?	How many Native American people resided in Fresno in 2010?	How do chloroplasts reproduce?	How many first downs did Denver have?	Why does the Rhine water fall into depths at the Rheinbrech?	 In the 2009 Commission v Italy, case, the Court of Justice held that an Italian low prohibiting what infringed article 34?	Which company has been able to air multiple ads at a steep discount?	What was the name of the first Doctor Who radio drama?	What are frets?	What was the Yuan dynasty called in Mongolian?	What is the highest point of the Rhine basin called?	What did Warner Sinback decide 	Where did Genghis Khan spend the summer after taking Deshun?	When could V&A Dundee?	What is the only organization which may speak officially for the church?	At Millingen aan de Rijn where the Rhine splits, what does it change it's name to?	Where did Tesla go to feed the pigeons daily?	What spurred increased support for government reform?	When Tesla attempted to photograph Mark Twain, what was the only thing that showed up on the image?	What kind of self-consistent models are physicists trying to make that would create a theory of everything?	What other European Protestant leader was educated at the University of Paris?	Who was the deputy administrator of NASA in 1960?	What system was adopted for education?	What is the smallest geographical region discussed?	Some non-British works in the British galleries were imported from which continent?	What happens to waste heat in the Rankine cycle?	What type of locomotive was Salamanca?	What is one of the first responses the immune system has to infection?	What group did Luther want to understand his works?	How much did Levi's Stadium cost?	What was the Disneyland anthology series retitled in 1958?	What was the capital of the Mongol Empire?	What is the longest time that a teaching certificate is good for?	What was the Song dynasty's capital?	Who normally manages a construction job?	What were shipbuilding and engineering important to Newcastle for in the 19th century?	How many species of Ctenophora have been validated?	Who was Emma's brother?	How many types of religious or spiritual teachers are there in Christianity?	What lake connects the Rhine to Lake Constance? 	How did user of Tymnet connect 	When did Zhu publish 'Jade Mirror of the Four Unknowns'?	After apartheid, what types of schools are referred to as "Model C" schools?	What does the City Council divide itself into?	What was the primary race of students attending Christian academies after the Brown decision?	What did the Dutch health authorities regard as unnecessary in Geraets-Smits v Stichting Ziekenfonds?	What does motion at a constant velocity equal?	What did Olivier Roy state underwent a remarkable shift in the second half of the 20th century?	Which newspaper's parent company could not evade tax by shifting its residence to the Netherlands?	How many turnovers did the Panthers force during the NFC Championship game?	What helped the Lama determine to be reborn?	What part the composition of the Earth's atmosphere is comprised of oxygen?	How were the Mongol garrison families earning money?	The Art Deco period of textiles works is represented by which American artist?	What is the benefit of polypeptide binding?	What gets transferred to students who are receptive to the teacher?	What term best describes southern California's collection of landscapes?	Which running back did the Panthers waive?	Bacteria often secrete what kind of proteins to ingest a physical barrier?	What year was the first class taught at the University of Chicago?	Which lunar probe was near the Apollo 12 crew's landing site?	What did the non-Afghan veterans returning home have in addition to their prestige?	How are laboratory measurements of forces determined?	What philosophy of thought  addresses wealth inequality?	The church states that, as Christians, they are aware that neither the way of what is righteous before God?"	What did Lavoisier conclude was consumed by combustion in his experiments?	What type of conservation effort is gaining attention in the Amazon?	What are the exceptions in the constitution  that require special considerations to amend?	In Latin America what is the most revered skin color?	What position does Tucker play for with the Ravens?	How was the school able to bring aboard the best talented students?	The passage of what act gave Victoria its own government?	In what kind of system of particles are there no unbalanced iinternal forces?	What were the two Huguenot neighborhoods created in Berlin?	Constructing a project that fails to adhere to codes does not benefit whom?	What present-day area was this settlement near?	When was the heyday of secular Arab nationalism?	What was the value of the John Jones Collection when it was left to the museum?	What are chromoplasts?	Any number larger than 1 can be represented as a product of what?	How many general principles does the Social Charter declare?	To which century is the glass beaker called Luck of Edenhall dated?	What are colonial powers blamed for?	What drove residents to quieter suburban housing?	When did the General Sejm make Warsaw it's permanent seat?	Who gave her royal assent to the Scotland Act of 1998?	What is the mortality rate of pneumonic plague?	What conjecture holds that there is an infinite amount of twin primes?	What company agreed to terminate high court proceedings with BSkyB?	What kind of audience share did MNF allow ABC to attain according to Goldenson?	What anthropologists are also university alumni members?	Why was ABC forced to sell its interests in international networks in the 70s?	What are two factors that made it difficult for colonists to the Amazon forest to survive?	In a progressive tax, what increases as the taxable base amount increases?	Which area of Khwarezmia did the first and second divisions of the Mongol army target in a pincer attack?	How many people were in British North American Colonies?	What cellular carrier had the only contract for the Super Bowl to be shown on smartphones?	Who was the creator of the theme for the 50th Anniversary special?	How many divisions was ABC radio restructured into in 2005?	What could Tesla perform in his head?	How far from Warsaw does the Vistula river's environment change noticeably? 	When was Luther's writings about the Jews ignored, according to Johannes Wallmann?	What type of medal did NASA give the astronauts who visited space and the moon?	When was the "Dalekmania" period?	Who created the photographic series titled Animal Locomotion?	What river is near Genghis Khan's likely place of burial?	In the United States the UMC ranks as the largest what?	Who founded the UMC?	Other than his scientific achievements what was Tesla famous for?	What additional srevice did BSkyB offer besides Video on Demand that they claimed offered "substantially more value"?	What cells are the second arm of the innate immune system?	Where can the Treatise be found?	What was Tesla's brother's name?	What can the non-elected members from the Scottish Government not do?	What are some proposals to connect campuses?	The principle of faunal succession was developed 100 years before whose theory of evolution?	Which part of China had people ranked lower in the class system?	Where was an elected assembly to be set up, under the terms of the Scotland Act of 1978?	Prior to the arrival of the French, the area now known as Jacksonville was previously inhabited by what people?	Rather than taxation, what are private schools largely funded by?	Based on population alone, what is Jacksonville's ranking in the United States?	What collection was transferred to the museum when the new architectural history gallery opened?	Which two religions did Tesla express respect for?	In what year of 20th century, did Harvard release an important document about education in America?	Who did a morphologically analysis in 1985 that concluded cydippids are not monophyletic?	Who was the first president and director of programming for ABC Entertainment?	Where were the Kikuyu people located?	Which area of China did Japan conquer in 1931?	Who did Newton get a pass to in the Panther starting plays of Super Bowl 50?	What year was Temüjin, who became Genghis Khan, likely born?	What was the purpose of CSNET	When does Doctor Who transition to a new body?	What was Maxwell's job?	What company has been hosted at the Theatre Royal for over 25 years?	What kind of death did Luther say the revolting peasants deserve?	Orange, San Diego, Riverside and San Bernardino make up four of the five counties. What is the name of the last county?	Who was the most widely read writer of his generation?	What produces the high levels of oxygen on Earth?	In what century did missionaries notably establish church schools in South Africa?	When did Pachauri resign as chair of the IPCC?	The 2012 study showed teachers experienced more stress than whom?	Where did the highwaymen take Luther?	Who was the star of The Sarah Jane Adventures?	What did Tesla claim to perfect while at the exchange?	What is the term for the arrangement of two unpaired electrons in dioxygen?	When was Tesla brought to Gospic?	What does the euplokamis use the three types of movement for?	Which hotel did the Panthers stay at for the Super Bowl?	When was there a sharp rise in nationalism in Scotland?	When year was the Maastrich Treaty signed?	What is the effect of beta decay?	According to Wilson's theorem, what factorial must be divisible by n if some integer n > 4 is to be considered composite?	Who did Philip I want to marry?	Where does the cold and warm water meet the warm water?	What kind of images of Luther were used to advertise Protestantism? 	What is an examine of work that a centrifugal governor-equipped steam engine wasn't suitable for?	Where was Tesla's laboratory established?	How many times have the Panthers been in the Super Bowl?	What type of algorithm is trial division?	What was William Johnson's Iroquois name?	How many people would die of plague in largely populated cities?	What characteristic best describes the agricultural regions that could be found?	What is the balance for positive reinforcement?	What agency did the Spanish version of the Super Bowl?	On what service could the ESPN Deportes broadcast be streamed?	The analysis of a specific algorithm is typically assigned to what field of computational science?	As the moon has no atmosphere, what is prevalant in many moon rock samples brought back from Apollo missions?	What has the avoidance of men to become teachers caused, in some areas?	When was the British East India Company established?	In what episode does the Eleventh Doctor first acknowledge his number?	How many years was John Fox the head coach of the Denver Broncos?	What is the turbine entry temperature of a steam turbine, in degrees Celsius?	Who sets the work agenda and allocates time in the chamber?	What can people work towards if they aren't denied their functionings, capabilities and agency?	What treaty ended the Wars of Religion?	When was the merger between ITT and ABC officially canceled?	In what year did Nikola Tesla emigrate to the United States?	What genre of film was the 1988 film Stormy Monday?	Who transported Tesla's ashes from the US.	What was the Soviet Union trying to suppress with its army?	What kinds of trees is Kearney Boulevard lined with?	In which galleries are the French paintings donated by Jones displayed?	What is the frequency of the radio station WBT in North Carolina?	What did Baran develop during research at RAND 	According to the wealth concentration theory, what advantage do the wealthy have in accumulating new wealth?	How much of the water flow does the Waal get from the Rhine?	What did Tesla do in Maribor for work?	What was Loudoun's plans for 1757?	During what year were citizens or corporations said to not be able to bring claims against other non state parties?	Which park hosts the largest Civil War reenactment on the west coast?	When did sideline jackets and hats start to feature gold-trimmed logos?	What was the title given to the major project to redesign all the galleries in the museum?	Where does oxygen rank by mass in the planet's biosphere?	Who specifically does HT target to change the opinion of?	On what date was Victoria declared independent from New South Wales?	Where did Jochi remain after Genghis Khan sent for his sons in the spring of 1223?	In 1992, what percentage of East German students attended private schools?	Which part of China had people ranked higher in the class system?	In what year did Fresno experience the most rainfall?	What crops were introduced or popularized in the Yuan?	Who taped video intros for Doctor Who shows in Canada, that included a trivia question?	Who did Edward make archbishop of Canterbury?	What Italian painter was depicted in the main bronze door entrance of the museum?	Historically, which movement has the Methodist Church supported?	To whom did William Maclure submit the map?	When did economists reach a conclusion with the S&P's rating agency?	What health issue did Tesla suffer?	What was Manning's passer rating for the 2015 season?	After the Peterloo massacre what poet wrote The Massacre of Anarchy?	Which Irish cities had large Huguenot enclaves?	Most of the productions in the TGIF lineup were produced by what production company?	Who received the ball that cam Newton lost during a tackle to make it a Denver touchdown?	What is Kenya's HDI?	When was Levi's Stadium picked for Super bowl 50?	Who is the producer of Doctor Who?	What Panther tore his ACL in the preseason?	What is one issue that adds to the complexity of a pharmacist's job?	In what year did a Doctor first become nominated for a Best Actor award?	What image campaign was the new four-note jingle for ABC based around?	In what year was the Alan Turing's definitional model of a computing device received?	What is the name of the current King of Thebes in the play?	Which sculpture by Rodin was not donated by the artist?	What shape of space did Tesla consider a "false conception"?	Who cannot be employed by a school in any manner?	How do regimes fight against cultural imperialism?	Where did British resettle many Acadians?	How much energy loss did he expect would occur?	Along with Canada and the United Kingdom, what country generally doesn't refer to universities as private schools?	What does it mean when a harmonic series diverges?	Who had no real military power during the Yuan?	Peroxides, nitrates and dichromates are examples of what type of compounds?	What theoretical device is attributed to Alan Turing?	What law connects relative velocities with inertia?	Who were exempt from the Ministry of Justice?	What followed the late local programming after Super Bowl 50?	What investment firm offered to buy the NBC Blue network from Mark Woods?	Who designed the golf course located at the Sunnyside Country Club?	Western Imperialism divided the globe according to which theory?	The number of new Huguenot colonists declined after what year?	The Rhine flowed through Swabia, Franconia and what other location in the 10th Century?	What is included in Medication Therapy Management?	What two comedies were featured on ABC's new Wednesday comedy lineup?	What type of process was involved the the depletion of the Sun's oxygen 16?	What ethnic neighborhood in Fresno had primarily Japanese residents in 1940?	Which army attacked and destroyed this colony?	Who succeeded Thomas Murphy as president in 1990?	Why did CBS turn down the pitch for The Untouchables?	What became the foundation of the Reformation?	What complexity class is commonly characterized by unknown algorithms to enhance solvability?	What did Luther decide about the Catholic Church?	What title do both Doctor Who and the Master share?	What sport has Kenyan women been a dominate force?	Where does the pupil remain while in detention	What did Luther state as a means of discouraging mistreatment of Jews?	Zoning requirements, environmental impact, budgeting, and logistics are things who should consider?	What has been characterized as Arminian theology with an emphasis on the work of the Holy Spirit?	What is the biggest ABC subchannel affiliate by the size of markets?	Who is the field director of the NFL?	Who is the General Manager for the Broncos?	Who funded the new jewelry gallery that opened in 2008?	Who did Luther write about, but seldom met?	What does ABC on Demand disallow for online viewers?	Who did Martin Luther say was the lone granter of forgiveness?	How did war start?	While producing oxygen, what gas does a zeolite sieve absorb?	What is the most distinctive feature of ctenophora?	How much does petroleum account for of the national import bill?	When was the Palace on the Water rebuilt?	What caused Jacksonville's tourism to become less desirable at the latter half of the 19th century?	What is the hottest temperature record for Fresno?	How many galleries does the V&A have?	Who was in command of the German military forces?	When was the UMC founded?	The papers of which famous English writer of children's books such as The Tale of Peter Rabbit are collected in the museum?	When was Rhineland subject to the Treaty of Versailles?	A specific algorithm demonstrating T(n) represents what measure of time complexity?	What is a simple form of civil disobedience?	What is almost identical across all nations and jurisdictions?	Other than surf, what other culture is southern California home to?	What leader led the Dutch Revolt and wrote Apologie?	What attracts the tourists to Kenya?	Who had five sacks in nine games as a Carolina Panthers starter?	Until 1987, what stance did the Muslim Brotherhood in Palestine take towards Israel?	Charles Conrad and Alan Bean were on what spacecraft to the moon?	What individual is the school named after?	At what Super Bowl did Beyoncé headline the halftime show?	Who can be in the Victorian cabinet?	When was Montreal captured?	When was gold found near Ballarat?	What did the Mongols shield themselves with while attacking Samarkand?	How many items is the University Library home to?	When did he talk about his thoughts on gender?	In 1984 Thomas Murphy contacted Leonard Goldenson about merging ABC with what company?	To Luther, what were all baptized Christians considered to be?	In order to be considered in the top percentile, a person would need to amass how much money each year?	Who did Berengaria of Navarre marry?	When did Kenya become an independent country?	Outside of national recognition, what other kind of recognition do some of the cities get?	What scientific field's theory has received contributions from the steam engine?	If input size is is equal to n, what can respectively be assumed is the function of n?	How else can petrologists understand the pressures at which different mineral phases appear?	In what year was the school formed?	What was the name of the fund setup to help with investing in the community? 	What is another term for year 12 of education?	What is the term when middle income earners aspire to obtain the same standards of living as people wealthier than themselves?	In what year did the Apollo 1 cabin fire occur?	What is the average plant biosmass?	New ownership rules by the FCC in 1985 allowed broadcasters to own a maximum of how many stations?	Who was Cromwell's allies?	Why is the second timeline needed? 	What kind of universities is the region famous for?	How many years have imperialistic practices existed?	What was the general consensus Johnson came to regarding America's progress on going to space and reaching a position of leadership?	What is the estimate for the amount of tree species in the amazon tropical rain forest?	What South African Vice Consul did Harvard students blockade the speech of? 	What is the bond order of dioxygen molecules?	What type of movement is the Muslim Brotherhood?	Who did BSkyB team up with because it was not part of the consortium?	When did the Siege of Antioch take place?	When did the Channel 4 documentary Undercover Mosque air?	What did Lady Gaga sing?	Who were the secondary companions of the Ninth and Tenth Doctors?	Where is Bielany Forest located?	After 2007 how much do student from families earning less than $60,000 pay for school?	Who lead the school back to leading research institution in 2oth century?	How do plants get chloroplasts?	What sea bordered Genghis Khan's empire to the east when he died?	What second part of air was deemed lifeless by Lavoisier?	For which TV season did color first become a dominant format?	What type of power was displayed at the World's fair by Westinghouse and Tesla?	Who treats the majority of the population medically?	What ctenophore was accidentally introduced into The Black Sea?	How is dioxygen most simply described?	How many academic units make up the school?	What genus has self-fertilization been seen?	Approximately how many names were signed on an online petition on the Parliamentary website in response to the closing of the Musical Instruments gallery?	Who supported Andreas Karistadt in reform at Wittenberg?	What did Luther think that faith could not be understood by?	Who won Super Bowl XLIX?	What did Luther think the study of law meant?	What types of organizations are on a decline in the US which adversely effects economic mobility?	What was the name of the stadium that the teams played in?	Which famous Germain Renaissance painter and printmaker is represented in the drawings collection of the V&A?	Which video gaming company debuted their ad for the first time during Super Bowl 50?	How many affiliates carry the ABC network feed in 480i standard definition?	Which coastline does Southern California touch?	What do pyrenoids look like?	How many residents were recorded in the 2010 census of Jacksonville?	What gearing was used on steam turbine marine engines in the 20th century?	Whose principles were the principle of faunal succession built upon?	When are recent episodes of ABC shows typically made available on VOD services?	How popular was Coronation Street in the late 80's?	What is the former name of the V&A Theatre & Performance galleries?	During which era did the Aztec and Incan empires thrive?	How many French colonists were gained by British?	Who returned a punt for 61 yards, setting a new Super Bowl record?	Combs are called what?	How many were in Langlades expedition?	What is the delta in the Rhine delimited in the east by?	What encouraged cultural exchange under the Yuan?	What animals does the Vistula river's ecosystem include?	What is the largest city the Rhine runs through? 	Very small markets had to wait until what decade to support an ABC affiliate?	What was Kublai Khan's relation to Genghis Khan?	When was his article published in Century Magazine?	What percentage of electrical power in the United States is made by steam turbines?	What group can amend the Victorian constitution?	What is the CJEU's duty?	Who kept tabs on the accident review board that NASA created?	What si the comparison to sea level with the oxygen level in space suits?	What does a 2013 report on Nigeria suggest it's growth has done?	What was the black death originally blamed on?	Where did Martin Luther go to school?	What is the most common length of Doctor Who episodes?	What does Luther write that this life doesn't have?	What type of Turing machine is capable of multiple actions and extends into a variety of computational paths?	What kind of division of power did Kublai's government have?	How are 'un-aided' schools different from 'aided' schools?	What type of rail line is Pacific National?	What is the usual source of heat for boiling water in the steam engine?	For whom was the Small Catechism meant?	When did Victoria enact its constitution?	What church is organized into conferences?	Where did Temüjin hide during his escape from the Tayichi'ud?	What type of protest falls under civil disobedience without aggression?	What percent of the Muslim population lives in Kenya's Coastal Region?	What protects the statocyst?	What was the first Super Bowl to use the standardized logo template?	Along with tuition, scholarships, vouchers, donations and grants, where does funding for private schools come from?	Who was the first person in space?	How often does the European Council meet?	Who were the defending Super Bowl champions?	Who might take disciplinary action against a teacher?	Halford Mackinder and Friedrich Ratzel where what kind of geographers?	When did Blackburne make his argument about Luther and souls?	What is the greatest number of members a board of trustees can have?	In what state were the original launching facilities for missions?	What are injectors used to supply?	Why did Warsaw become the capital of the Commonwealth?	What percent of untreated victims of the plague die within 8 days?	What did Jews refuse to accept that caused Luther to call them blasphemers and liars?	What devices have been credited as the moving force of the Industrial Revolution?	What type of sanctions has the US directed at Iran?	Who designed the main façade that stretches along Cromwell Gardens?	Who spoke to Luther about his books on behalf of the Empire?	When did the accident occur?	Who was the ABC Radio president in 1968?	What time period did the geoglyphs date back to?	What does each packet includ in connectionless mode 	What is the total number of professors, instructors, and lecturers at Harvard?	When do the stated Treaties apply?	Who is the sole governing authority capable of initiating legislative proposals?	Who do Priesthood representatives defer to, at times?	"An Account of Further Discoveries in Air" was published by who in 1775?	What other entity was established at the same time as the European Convention on Human Rights?	When did the world's population finally recover from the black death?	Where is Energiprojekt AB based?	What typically involves mass production of similar items without a designated purchaser?	Who founded the Office of Western Medicine?	What company owns the American Broadcasting Company?	What does the matching helper T cell release when it binds with the MHC:antigen complex of the B cell?	When did Zhenjin die?	What was Walt Disney's brother's name?	Which fault can produce a magnitude earthquake of 8.0?	When was Sky Digital launched?	What kind of sending technology is being used to protect tribal lands in the Amazon?	Which century was there a program to straighten the Rhine? 	What was Edison's reply as to what Tesla didn't understand when Tesla asked for payment?	What color are the numbers in the Super Bowl 50 logo? 	How much money did the committee raise?	Whose English translation of the Bible did the Luther Bible influence?	What are pharmacists forbidden to do?	Policies which reduce the inequality associated effects of unemployment support what type of growth?	In computational complexity theory, what is the term given to describe the baseline abstract question needing to be solved? 	What did Herr Gott, dich loben wir become known as ?	What entity in Canada handles substitution regulations for television shows?	Who was designated as the home team in the Super Bowl?	What percentage of the land cleared in the Amazon is used for growing livestock?	What makes energy changes in a closed system?	How long was the first audio of a Doctor Who story?	What did Astor expect the money be used for?	What was the defeat of the Arab troops at the hand of the Israeli troops during the Six-Day War?	Where is a palm house with subtropic plants from all over the world on display?	What type of conservation include providing advice on the handling of items?	Which company is the gallery of Japanese art named after?	What issues were not addressed in the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle?	When was he elected by Nixon?	What will a pharmacist who passes the ambulatory pharmacist exam be called?	How old was Turkana Boy?	Analysis of what kind of deposits from the Amazon Fan indicates a change in rainfall in the Amazon basin?	Who did Britain exploit in India?	What is the most recent example of financial fault lines? 	Who selects and hires the best ideas and appropriate contractors?	What was produced at tesla's company? 	Since students do not pay tuition, what do they have to pay for schooling in Victoria?	How much did Capital Cities Communications purchase ABC and its properties for?	What type of atmosphere helped fuel the fire throughout the cabin?	When were the Mongols defeated by the Tran?	Who actually won the prize?	Why has the corruption not be in the public view?	In 1949, UPT was forced to become an independent entity by whom?	What is the term for a meeting of Mongol chiefs?	Where did Iroquois Confederation control?	During summers, for what tournaments does ABC air highlight programs?	Who owns the rail lines in Victoria?	What percentage of primary schools used Welsh primarily or exclusively?	What are examples of the various religions of Mongol tribes?	What was the first series to be televised in color on ABC?	How wide is the Rhine in Germany between Emmrich and Cleves?	What hit reality series debuted for ABC in 2002?	What day of the week does the Time for Reflection take place?	What yard line was the Broncos on when Manning lost the ball in the fourth quarter?	What is the problem with cysteine?	What year did the Khwarezmian Empire fall to Genghis Khan?	What do clinical pharmacists specialize in?	Which group headlined the Super Bowl 50 halftime show?	What service is a VideoGuard UK equipped receiver dedicated to decrypt?	What is NSFNET	Why are there more poor people in the United States and Europe than China?	Where does newly created wealth concentrate? 	What did the NIF try to unify Islamist opposition against?	How many nations contain "Amazonas" in their names?	What injury did the Carolina Panthers lose Kelvin Benjamin to during their preseason?	In which year did the museum started charging free admission fees?	Which team had the best regular season in their history?	What is responsible for constraining P according to the time hierarchy theorem?	How much capital did UK law require to start a company?	Brownlee argues that sometimes people behave in what way to have their issue heard?	Where was Evan Washburn located while announcing during the game?	Who did Gegeen appoint as grand chancellor?	Silicates of magnesium and iron make up of the Earth's ___	Humor is a part of the classroom for what type of teacher?	In what decade was seafloor spreading discovered? 	In 1974, what detective series debuted on ABC?	What co-receptor on the T cell helps in recognizing the MHC-antigen complex?	What did Tesla's device work from the output of?	What was the result of the disobedience protesting the nuclear site?	What was the attack on the British weakness?	When was the European Communities Act created?	How many touchdowns did Newton have in 2015?	Which Ancient Roman monument is replicated in full-scale in the Cast Courts?	What is the position Derek Wolfe plays currently? 	How long ago did primates inhabit Kenya?	What are longer growth spells associated with?	What are the anitmicrobial peptides secreted by the skin called?	ABC created what company as a production company in response to fin-syn rules?	What was the domain name of the site that streamed the Super Bowl 50 game? 	What position did Fred Silverman leave ABC to take in 1978?	some debate that there is a correlation between capitalism, imperialism, and what?	What did Stiglitz present in 2009 regarding global inequality?	Within what variable is L constrained according to the space hierarchy theorem?	Who applies European Union law?	What is a trait of sequential hermaphrodites?	For what size natural number does Bertrand's postulate hold?	What religion did Tesla grow up in?	When did Li Tan lead a revolt?	From 1947 to 1967, how much did the price of oil increase?	How long were the fighters of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising able to hold out?	If there is a conflict between EU law and national law, which law take precedence?	Which logo had the DW Tardis insignia removed?	Where is the Santa Fe Railroad Depot located?	Which player did the Panthers lose to an ACL injury in a preseason game?	What Carolina player was injured in the NFC Championship Game?	What are auricles?	When imperialism impacts social norms of a state, what is it called?	What was a long term goal of French foreign policy along the Rhine?	How many tackles did Luke Kuechly register?	What were chao made out of?	What city was the media event held for Super Bowl 50?	What does the acronym LEM stand for?	What are two anti-inflammatory molecules that peak during awake hours?	How much is China's investment in Kenya?	What is the name of the professional skateboarder that lives in southern California?	What is Sky+ HD material broadcast using?	What is the estimated death toll for Polish civilians? 	Cydippid are typically what shape?	What period did the Rhine capture streams?	How tall is the Bank of America Tower?	Where was the location of the 2003 Rose revolution?	How did the rocks on the moon compare to those on Earth?	How many hundred of years was Scotland directly governed by the parliament of Great Britain?	What position did Tesla hold in the American Institute of Electrical Engineers?	What clothing company was a Super Bowl sponsor?	What is there a push for in the U.S. to reduce consumer drug costs?	Who was the head of the company?	Other than L.A. which other county do many people commute to?	Since NASA didn't know how many attempts each test would end up requiring, what did they use instead of numbers for the trials?	In what year was Fort Coligny destroyed?	Killer T cells can only recognize antigens coupled to what kind of molecules?	Who ends up getting more of the teacher's resources in this scenario?	What did Artur Oppman give to the world?	When the election produced an SNP majority government, what was it the first occurrence of?	What type of beings does Doctor Who usually take with him on his travels?	What position did Rivera play in Super Bowl XX?	Having existing utility lines marked lessens the likelihood of what?	Which actor was a replacement for Doctor Who due to the illness of the main actor?	To what can the use of prolonged breathing of oxygen at 60 kPa lead?	Which is one of the park features located in North Fresno?	Ctenophores, cnidarians and what other group are labelled diploblastic?	Which network regained the ratings lead in America in 1984?	What did Tesla Electric Light & Manufacturing do?	Which of ABC's main production facilities is located in New York City?	What does the time element in construction mean?	When was virgin media rebranded from NTL Telewest?	What ABC comedy had the record for the longest running comedy until being passed by the Simpsons in 2002?	Who used imperialism during their rule of the Mongol Empire?	Who purchased or commissioned the works of European artists included the British galleries of the V&A?	What "dynamic theory" did Tesla say he finished in 1937?	Which group of ctenophore are are hardest to study?	What type of issues are members typically allowed to vote as they please?	How long is the section that turns north? 	What is the eukaryotic parasite responsible for malaria known as?	What concept is frequently used to define complexity classes?	Why must one be excluded in order to preserve the uniqueness of the fundamental theorem?	Who became king in 1643?	What is the name of the property that designates a number as being prime or not?	What position does Danny Trevathan play?	More in the present prevalence of civil disobedience has turned and said to be?	What practical role does defining the complexity of problems play in everyday computing?	How many registered nurses were in Kenya in 2011?	Name the other way that the Plowshares organization temporarily closed?	Where is the MetroCentre located?	How did Huguenots evolve their religious beliefs in the New World?	What do people with lower income have less access to?	When was Geegen the emperor?	What CBS website provided a stream?	Which retired ref disagreed with the outcome of the challenge of a incomplete pass?	What rate of unionization do Scandinavian nations have?	What did Lepidodinium viride replace their original chloroplast with?	What were these indulgences supposed to grant the giver?	What year did Charles Avison die in Newcastle?	What book recognizes the importance of the Chalcedonian Creed?	What does the average temperatures exceed in the summer?	What style of sensing do scientist like to use to measure global radiance?	In which case did the Court of Justice hold that a German court couldn't deny a Dutch building company the right to enforce a contract based in Germany?	What CBS show followed the Super Bowl?	What type of bat that lives in the Amazon rainforest can spread rabies?	In which year did the Sackler Center open?	What kind of contract is given when the contractor is given a performance specification and must undertake the project from design to construction, while adhering to the performance specifications?	The loss of Edinburgh Pentlands really disappointed whom the most?	What is the grace that "goes before us?"	What is the Latin name for Black Death?	Where does the Nederrijn change it's name?	Which fantasy books have references to Doctor Who?	For which project did Deke Slayton work with before becoming Director of Flight Crew Operations?	Where were Schirra, Eisele and Cunningham relocated to after different astronauts were selected for the AS-258 mission?	What was Genghis Khan's tribes burial custom?	What is Pedanius Dioscorides known for?	Who did Luther view to be the Antichrist?	One country's authority over a number of others would constitute the original country as what?	When did BSkyB end their analogue service?	How is the Pauli exclusion priciple manifested in the macro world?	What was one of Tesla's books where articles can be read?	Who can enforce European Union law?	How long does it take for the effects to manifest as changes to economic growth?	Who is generally considered on the same level as physicians, lawyers, engineers, and accountants (Chartered or CPA)?	What Queen opened the first covered railway station in the world?	What did Luther deny the rebels?	What other location did Apollo 1 test at besides Kennedy Space Center?	What declaration predicated the emigration of Huguenot refugees?	How many volumes does the John Crerar Library roughly hold?	The lithosphere moves over which mantle n the theory of plate tectonics?	What issue plagues the literature about civil disobedience?	What monument is in memory of the largest insurrection of WWII?	What building is the most interesting of the late 19th-century architecture?	What was the name of Börte's second male child?	What type of radar was used to classify trees into four categories?	How are the explanations supported?	What type of income is the vast majority of the population dependent on?	What part of the V&A collection does the Henry Cole Wing houses?	What is rubisco's flaw?	When did Tugh Temur found his academy?	Who was the leader of the Islamist regime in Sudan?	What is the AFC short for?	The Rhine is the longest river in what country?	Which other ancient organism formed basic immune mechanisms?	What part of the innate immune system identifies microbes and triggers immune response?	What is the confusion of the French and Indian war?	Who did Jochi reportedly enlist to help him stop his father's massacres? 	What month and day did Kennedy message his vice president about the status of the program?	Why were the Uighurs ranked higher by the Mongols?	How did the principle treaties that form the European Union begin?	Who were the astronauts aboard the Apollo 11 mission?	How many yards did Jordan Norwood return a punt to set the Super Bowl record?	What planet do the Daleks come from?	From whom were the movement that Eliot followed derived?	Breaking down barriers to trade and enhancing the free movement of goods is meant to reduce what?	Who developed the same technology as Baran 	Imperialism and colonialism both assert a states dominance over what?	Different committees have what set out in different ways?	How many valves did the Corliss engine use?	What was ABC's revenue in 1962?	What law staes that forces are interactions between bodies?	Was was the plan for Langlades mission?	What company took over Edison Machine Works?	Who are likely participants in creating an overall plan for the financial management of the building construction project?	What was another term used for the oil crisis?	What is terra preta called?	What about Luther declined as his antisemitism increased?	How long did plague last in the Ottoman empire?	What is the most rainfall recorded in a 24 hour period in Fresno?	X.25 uses what type network type 	What type of Delta is the Rhine-Meuse?	Who demonstrated that P= NP implies problems not present in P or NP-complete?	What increases entrepreneurship rates at the individual level?	What happens as they build phase 1?	An important shaman was alleged to be trying to distance Genghis Khan from which of his brothers?	Why are ctenophores extremely rare as fossils?	What Columbia President went to Harvard?	How much of GDP does manufactoriing account for?	The loss of biodiversity may be the result of what, according to environmentalists?	What do a plant's chloroplasts descend from?	What is the native format for the Walt Disney Company's US TV properties?	What new tasks do the protein products of transferred genes take on?	What proclamation abolished protestantism in France?	How many Victorians are Buddhist?	What format do Hearst Television's ABC affiliates transmit in?	What army was pushing deep into Polish territory to pursue the Germans in 1944?	What bargain did his father make with him if Tesla recovered?	What did the benefits agency think sports channels on a TV bill meant?	To which year has the Rococo Augustus Rex Bureau Cabinet been dated?	What issues do member states say the Court of Justice does not have the final say on?	When did Richard Dean Adams make his inquiry?	What feature will enrich the the pedestrian friendly environment after restoration?	How may yards did Peyton Manning throw?	Roughly how much is the Student Government's budget?	Where was France's Huguenot population largely centered?	What analyst did not agree with the ruling of the incomplete pass?	What is the lowest ranking one of the counties could have in terms of most populous counties in the United States?	How big were his artificial bolts?	In what complexity class do complement problems of NP problems exist?	What makes day length constant on Earth?	What forest is by Warsaw's southern border?	Who was the Normans' main enemy in Italy, the Byzantine Empire and Armenia?	People of what nationality invented the steam turbine?	What is the approximate condenser temperature in a turbine?	How many buildings were razed by the Jacksonville fire?	When did Washington reach Fort Le Boeuf?	Where did water to the west of the Amazon drainage basin flow towards?	Where do dikes form?	Who did Luther banish?	By what other name was the Gate known?	Who was the head coach of the Broncos in Super Bowl XLVIII?	Which show was voted most violent of the BBC shows in a 1972 survey?	Which husband and wife modern furniture design team are represented in the V&A furniture collection?	When was the last use by Bach of Luther's work?	When was a study conducted of Swedish counties?	How is circuit switching allocated 	By whom did St Paul say all authorities were appointed?	Would word means burn in the Anglo-Saxon language?	What impact does workers working harder have on productivity of a business?	What do most online pharmacies do?	How long is the Rhine? 	What did the Works Council Directive require?	Who designed the bronze doors used as the main entrance to the museum?	What is used to estimate emissions?	How high are many of the buildings with turrets?	Who did the Mongols send to Bukhara as administrators?	Which massive lake did the Mongolians call tenggis?	What was the entity that stepped in and caused Miami's Sun Life Stadium to no longer be in the running to host Super Bowl 50?	Who was the ideologue of the Iranian Revolution?	Who performed the funeral for Martin Luther?	What political party is strongest in Melbourne's working class suburbs?	Whose tune did Luther adapt for the hymn of Psalm 67?	What is the bad air theory officially known as?	When did Luther waken with more chest pains?	Who decide to make a very large donation to the university's Booth School of Business?	After what year did compounding cease to be used in Britain?	What are some Chlorophyta and euglenid chloroplasts missing?	Hobson argued that imperialism was an international what?	In what city is the Moscone Center located?	What place had the Norman Arab architectural style?	What were high court proceedings being held about?	Ugly Betty's ratings fell dramatically after the series movie to what night?	How many acres does the V&A cover?	In what years did the show see audiences as high as 12 million?	Who lives no longer on average than Greeks and New Zealanders?	Purpose of Telnet 	What is one of the reason that underdeveloped nations received aid from the oil income?	What two other rulers had their graves hidden under a river?	How many sororities belong to the National Panhellenic Conference?	What did Mote think the Yuan class system really represented?	Who expounded the Three Laws of Motion?	How many volts could particles be charged to in his weapon design?	Who refused to act until Loudoun approved plans?	What did Luther use the hymn to encourage colleagues to do?	Who could be the subjects of a teacher's college investigation?	When was a study published confirming the 2001 IPCC projections?	How many square miles large was the region impacted by the 2010 drought?	Who introduced plague to Europe?	What organization did Tesla serve as vice president of? 	What would a community member need to teach informally?	What is the most successful team sport in Kenya?	Which of Tesla's inventions was used in radio development?	Who announced she would step down as leader of the Conservatives? 	Who was the speaker of the tribal council?	When had the Six Ministries existed?	Who is the current Premier of Victoria?	Which committee made an effort to invite companies owned by people, who are transgender or gay, to take part in contract business associated with Super Bowl 50.	How many kilometers is Warsaw from the Carpathian Mountains?	What happened with the ground water level with the Rhine straightening program?	What nationality is the architect Enric Miralles?	What do chloroplasts in mesophyll cells store carbon dioxide in?	How many museums comprise Harvard Art Museums?	What acquired condition results in immunodeficiency in humans?	When were Luther and his prospective bride engaged?	Over 100 Egyptian police were victims of what group's campaign of terror?	When there are many workers competing for a few jobs its considered as what?	Friedrich Ratzel thought imperialism was what for the country?	Where do nucleomorph genes transfer to?	How old was Peyton Manning in 2015?	What subatomic particle did Tesla deny the existence of?	How did some suspect that Polo learned about China instead of by actually visiting it?	How did the leaders of the city of Bukhara respond to the Mongol attack?	What resolution were the Eyevision cameras changed to?	When do members proceed to vote on whether they agree to the principles of the final bill?	Who was reintroduced for the 50th Anniversary special?	What did Luther say would allow the Jews to stay?	How did the unequal treatment of Chinese versus Mongols in the Yuan make the dynasty seem?	If you were to take a train west or south out of the city of Fresno, which railroad would you take?	What does ctenophora mean in Greek?	What was Tugh Temur known for?	How many intercpetions did Newton have in Super Bowl 50?	What percentage of Filipino tertiary education takes place in private schools?	Who hit the goal post on a field goal attempt?	What legitimate dynasty came after the Yuan?	What is a ctenophora?	When was the Battle of Frankenhausen?	What was the resulting channel of the ARTS merger called?	In what language were the classes given?	What program was created to carry out these projects and missions?	What is another term for Tesla's visualization ability?	How much Saharan dust falls over the Amazon basin each year?	How many yards was the pass on the first drive?	How many first downs did Denver have for Super Bowl 50?	What term is used to explain a change in the appearance of Doctor Who?	What is the name of the Latin translation of Dioscorides' book?	What entities are included in the federal health care system?	How did Luther respond to Agricola?	By 199 how many universities were connected 	What dilemma is a good example of moral civil disobedience?	What is the civil disobedience called where people refuse to be released?	Who has the authority of a pastor only within the context and during the time of the appointment?	In what year was the battle that resulted from a Confederate cavalry unit attacking a Union expedition?	Who originally hosted Who Wants to Be a Millionaire for ABC?	What is the Rhine Gorge listed as?	At what time is the Harvard-Yale rivalry set aside?	What minimalist composer is also a university graduate?	What year was the university's first president given his position? 	What is included along with gravitational acceration, and mass of the Earth in a formula about rotation about the Earth?	What, to Luther had the Church lost sight of?	What culture's arrival in Scotland is know as the "Davidian Revolution"?	When was OPEC production of oil being surpassed?	If two thirds of the Rhine flows through the Maas, where doe the other one third flow through?	How many provinces did the Ottoman empire contain in the 17th century?	What describes the proportionality of acceleration to force and mass?	How do you pronounce Fresno?	What concept, originally discovered by Black, was later discovered independently by Watt?	The Kronenberg Palace had been an exceptional example of what type of architecture?	Where do cryptophyte chloroplasts store starch?	What are the most passes that Greg Olsen has had?	Cost overruns with government projects have occurred when the contractor did what?	What basin was formed when the Andes Mountains rose?	What did Luther believe that the soul does after death?	When did the four rightly guided Caliphs die?	Approximately how many silver and gold objects does the V&A have it its collection?	Along with sport and art, what is a type of talent scholarship?	Who did the Broncos play in the last week of the regular season?	How large across are chloroplasts in land plants?	When did the partnership between Tesla, Lane and Vail form?	What type of teacher is required in the Western Europe model of discipline?	Did the plague spread in Scandinavia or Germany first?	What promoted the growrth of Mnemiposis in the Black Sea?	What was Houghton's role?	John Mayow died in what year?	What ruler, besides John of Saxony and Philip of Hesse, formed the Schmalkaldic League?	What was the name for the imaging campaign ABC began in 2007?	What year did Tesla enroll at an engineering school?	What soap opera is currently featured in ABC's daytime programming?	What company relaunched Who Wants to Be a Millionaire as a syndicated program?	In what year did John and Charles Wesley come to America to teach the gospel?	What type of immune cells help to destroy abnormal cells in tumors?	What was diverted and now flows parallel to the Rhine?	How many divisions make up the academics of the university?	What comedy featuring stand up comedian Tim Allen debuted in 1991?	Each of the extended metropolitan areas has a population that exceeds what number?	What is the highest court in the United Methodist denomination?	How many divisions are required to verify the primality of the number 37?	Who experimented by rolling stones and canonballs down a steep incline?	Around roughly how many students enroll yearly in creative and performing arts classes?	Which member state declined to sign the Social Charter?	Which linebacker had the most sacks on the team?	How much percentage of Victoria's land is taken up by farms?	How long does the main façade stretch along Cromwell Gardens?	When did the Ottoman Empire fall?	What did this agitation provide later generations material for?	Antigens bind to what in order to elicit a response of the immune system?	Who originally hosted the syndicated version of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?	What was the recorded length of the first spark?	Which NBC radio network was tasked with testing new programs?	What happens when starch grains become overly large?	What is the average discharge of the Moselle to the Rhine?	Who did the geographic scholars work for? 	Some Chinese considered the Yuan a legitimate dynasty, but what did other Chinese think it was?	As a norm, what day of the week is the traditional Media Day held prior to a Super Bowl?	What was one of Luther's most personal writings?	How many stations did ABC have affiliation agreements with in 2015?	What helped support the Command Module with a propulsion engine and propellants?	What did Houghton say is necessary for any changes to the SPM?	What popular environmentalist is also a university alumni member?	Who formed the universal theory of gravitation?	What New Orleans stadium was considered for Super Bowl 50?	What was the final score of the game between the Broncos and Steelers?	Which team held the scoring lead throughout the entire game?	What did Luther call good works that existed solely to attract God's favor?	When did Holden announce that it will close its Victoria plant?	How many species of Ctenophores have been validated?	Construction involves the translation of what?	What President is credited with the original notion of putting Americans in space?	What did Martin Luther fear after a lightening bolt struck near him?	In which year did the gallery of Japanese art open?	What does ATP store?	What did Davies call his system 	Which theory justifies imperialism in part?	When is the funfair held in Newcastle?	Where did the family move in 1862?	What type of value would the zeta function have if there were finite primes?	Who leads the National and Public Library Servies?	The inside of a ctenophore is lined with what?	How much has global mean surface air temperature changed in the last century?	In which London borough is the Victoria and Albert Museum located?	Where does centripetal force go?	How do the yes/no answers of a complement problem of NP appear?	Where was the Khwarezmid capital moved after Genghis Khan's forces prevailed in Samarkand?	In what city's Marriott did the Broncos stay?	What shape is Chlamydomonas's chloroplasts?	What is the modern term for the Mongolian policies supporting trade and communication?	What measurement of time is used in polynomial time reduction?	Where do many merchants and explorers go?	What was the name of the launch vehicle for NASA, which North American Aviation designed the second stage of?	What damaged the color TV camera that Apollo 12 had taken into space?	What is one example of what a clinical pharmacist's duties entail?	How much revenue is private?	What did Luther identify the Papacy as?	What is the logic behind the cicadas prime number evolutionary strategy?	What is the most important role of chloroplasts?	What party is strongest in Melbourne's affluent areas?	Which network broadcasted the 50th Super Bowl game? 	What are BSkyB's standard definition broadcasts compliant with?	What are the exchanged particles predicted by the standard Model?	Cilia can g ow up too what length?	Why is the seating of the debating chamber arranged as it is?	What was the outcome of living in the California Redwood tree?	Who is the trophy given to the Super Bowl champion named for?	What is the chloroplast double membrane sometimes compared to?	In Nepalese private schools, what is the primary language of instruction?	What type of plea is sometimes taken as an act of disobedience?	What did Jim Gray cover?	What is the first major bend in the Rhine called?	What was the name of the set top box manufacturer that BSkyB was having issues with?	What is not considered appropriate disclipine?	How many miles does the dust travels over the Atlantic Ocean?	Against what country was Kennedy promising superiority over?	Invertebrates do not generate what type of cells that are a part of the vertebrate adaptive immune system?	How much can Ctenophores eat in one day?	Some of the objects held in the Jameel Gallery of Islamic Art come from which European country?	Normally silver, what color was used for the number 50?	What can be considered as a function of market price of skill?	What was the name of the story from the third Torchwood series?	How has this debate been proven?	How many more landing sites for the Apollo missions did NASA have planned?	Who led the Science and Environmental Policy Project?	King Sigimund's Column is an example of what kind of attraction in Warsaw?	How long might a speaker address the members during the Time of Reflection?	What did Saudi Arabia try to repress to compensate for its loss of stature? 	Some of the income went to the purchase of arms which exacerbated political tension especially in which area?	What process attributes new wealth to those that already have it?	Who followed Matt Smith in the role of Doctor Who?	What seed was the Carolina Panthers?	When less workers are required, what happens to the job market?	What does Salafism in its harshest form encourage its followers to view the religion of others with?	Why  might the temperature affect the theory of plague spreading?	What types of preparation do pharmacists have?	Which department houses the works on paper of the costume collection?	Who made up 19% of the student body in the 2012 Spring Quarter? 	What was the average duty of a low-pressure Watt engine?	Who did the Mongols give control of Korea?	What months out of the year is Woodward Park open?	Who may also submit private bills to Parliament?	What was Brisbane's job?	Building construction is usually further divided into what categories?	What power is available to Australian private schools but generally not present in public schools?	What kind of climate does southern California maintain?	A rug by which Russian-born British designer is included in the V&A collection?	Luther treated Jews in a like way as he treated what group?	What had to happen to each mission before they would continue on to the next mission?	Which season of Doctor Who won an award for Best Writing in a Children's Serial?	What two areas in the Republic were first to grant rights to the Huguenots?	When was the United Methodist Church created?	At what temperatures is O2 more soluble?	In the process of vaccination, what is introduced in order to develop a specific immunity?	Who set up what became the Second Polish Republic?	What equation currently decribes the physics of force.	When did Astor provide the money?	What armed group stopped the uprising at Ballarat?	Which battle did Temüjin lose to Jamukha shortly after his election as khan?	What century did the name of the Rhine come from?	What was Apple Talk 	After the merger between ABC and Capital Cities, who became the vice president of ABC broadcasting?	Which entities were originally concerned with preventing violation of human rights?	Who announced the game play-by-play for Super Bowl 50?	What happens when business underpays their workers?	Who was delegated command of the Mongol forces against the Jin dynasty?	What do the services given by pharmacists provide?	The V&A owns the largest collection of which period in sculptural art history?	Who was an important figure in the twentieth-century Islamic revival in India?	Who are the oldest villains from the Doctor Who series? 	What work of Luther's is seen as a clear religious teaching?	Who warned of the potential impact?	Where did the world's first railway journey terminate?	What evidence between and among complexity classes would signify a theoretical watershed for complexity theory?	Who were responsible for the interior decorations of the Green Dining Room?	Where are these animals mostly located?	When did the Bantu expansion reach the area from West-Central Africa?	What should a teacher guide a student in?	Who thought that applied force caused movement of an object regardless of non-zero velocity?	What type of rally was held?	What famous Indian's actions were considered civil disobedience?	What are upper-level secondary schools called?	Why was Wesley compelled to break with standard practice and ordain two of his lay preachers as presbyters?	What logo is used for all merchandise that features past Doctors?	What theory was arrived at in 1811 that presented the assumption of diatomic molecules?	Who was the first quarterback to take two teams to more than one Super Bowl?	When was the competence for the Union to create criminal sentences for ecological crimes contested?	What recent decade saw brightening of the perception of Genghis Khan in Mongolia?	What is the lone MLS team that belongs to southern California?	In what year did developers Billings & Meyering acquire the Alta Vista Tract?	Who were the creators of the Flintstones?	What non-Chinese empire did the Yuan dynasty succeed?	What did Fritschel say the man's sleep was disturbed by?	What did the Greek root pharmakos imply?	Where was the ESPN Deportes Spanish version of Super Bowl 50 available?	When was the Santer Commission censured by Parliament?	What is the most well-known algorithm associated with the integer factorization problem?	What did Basset analyze before coming to his conclusions?	How is circuit switching charecterized 	How many invertebrate species are known in Brazil alone? 	When did the league go from 15 to 16 games in the regular season?	Who led the third division in Khwarezmia alongside Genghis Khan himself?	What can a simultaneous hermaphrodite do?	What is unique about  a hermaphrodite?	What do extremely unequal societies tend to be?	When did Tesla come to the US?	What type of combustible materials were considered to have little philogiston?	How long has the imagery of the mermaid been used by Warsaw?	Who designed the Scottish Parliament building?	What did Gou use for astronomy?	How long ago did cyanobacteria enter a cell?	Which park is home to the Fresno Chafffee Zoo?	When did Germany found their first settlement?	What reality series was the first spinoff of the Bachelor for ABC?	From what landmark within Fresno does the Tower Theatre get its name?	What military impact did Huguenot immigration have on Frederick's army?	What minor amount of liquid oxygen was produced by early French experimenters?	Who proved that air is necessary for combustion?	What does a student's academic goals include?	What do bundle sheath chloroplasts specialize in?	In which year did the V&A opened the first permanent architectural history gallery in the UK?	What are some of scientists arguments? 	The legislation allowed California to be admitted to the Union as what kind of state?	What does the El Centro metropolitan area and San Diego-Carslbad-San Marcos metropolitan area form?	What other role do many pharmacists play?	Which city is the most populous in California?	What has successfully dealt with ozone depletion?	What forced the cancellations of three future landings?	Who is Kearney Boulevard named after?	What did article 65 of the ECSC ban?	What conflicts did the ozone mitigation reduce?	Which female anchor from Today joined Hugh Downs on 20/20?	When did Luther write to Melanchhon about God's grace?	What were the reasons why residents moved to the town of Fresno Station?	What did the engineers fear would be difficult in space due to it never being attempted in Earth orbit?	Which articles of the Free Movement of Workers Regulation set out the primary provisions on equal treatment of workers?	What Super Bowl was the last where a fumble was returned for a touchdown?	When did ABC and Disney's television relationship lapse?	What is the general term used to describe the output to any given input in a problem instance?	What platform was Sentanta Sports planning on launching on?	What are the three major traditions present in Christianity?	What has been analyzed to compare Amazon rainfall in the past and present?	What is Doctor Who's space ship called?	What team was the divisional round winner between the Broncos and Steelers?	Trial division involves dividing n by every integer m greater than what?	What other inventor did he work with?	What is the name of Elementary Schools?	The spin of what can produce a magnetic effect to oxygen molecules?	Which measure must be adopted when there is a choice between several?	What is the last name of the player who was Manning's top receiver for Super Bowl 50?	What follows secondary education?	How many miles across the Atlantic Ocean does Saharan dust travel?	In what year was Hatmanis and Stearn's seminal work in computational complexity received? 	What did Luther's answer to the antinomians reaffirms?	Who was the defensive coordinator for the Broncos in 2015?	How did Genghis Khan describe himself to the people of Bukhara?	Who defeated the rebels at the Battle of Frankenhausen?	Where is corporal punishment practiced the most?	What is the UN's climate change treaty?	What term did he use for what he believed would be humanity's future rulers?	What is the Almannic dialect to describe the islands outside in Austria?	Focus on what is to ameliorate the many problems that arise from the often highly competitive and adversarial practices within the construction industry.	Who has design authority over all of the digital satellite receivers that are capable of using their service?	Who was RCA president in 1942?	What are Plastoglobuli attached to?	Jean De Rely's illustrated French-language scriptures were first published in what city?	Who did Luther think was behind the antinomian theses circulating in Wittenberg?	What did Tesla struggle with while in school? 	Who led the committee established by Seaman?	How long has Radio Tyneside been the voluntary hospital radio service?	What is European Union Law?	What is the process of turning CO2 into organic molecules called?	Where is a teacher most likely to be teaching at?	What proclamation officially ended limited Huguenot autonomy?	What term do Islamists think should be applied to them?	When did Carl Wilhelm Scheele discover oxygen?	Which is the largest city not connected to an interstate highway?	Who did Carolina beat in the NFC championship game?	What creatures were the most popular monsters in the series?	What did the result of the SNP majority allow a referendum be held on?	Where did Jebe die?	Where was Wardenclyffe located?	What stipend do students enrolled in priority courses receive?	If you do not know both magnitude and direction of two forces on an object, what would you call that situation?	How did Luther smuggle 12 nuns out of a convent during the rebellion?	What studio does ABC own at 1500 Broadway in NYC?	What did Article 12 of the Allied Armistice terms require Germany to withdraw from?	Who lost to the Broncos in the AFC Championship?	What is the translation of Oude Maas?	What court case desegregated schools in the United States?	Where was France concentraing efforts?	What kind of representational system does the Victorian Legislative Council have?	Difficulty in establishing a framework for complexity classes can be caused by what variable?	What is the term for the set of all connected graphs related to this decision problem?	Who works to get workers higher compensation?	What was DATANET 1 	Other than the Ijssel, where does the water from the Pannerdens Kanaal redsitrubute?	What runs from the balancer in the statocyst to the comb rows?	By how much did Labour lead Lain Gray retain East Lothian?	What would Mongol armies divert in order to cut off the resources of cities they were attacking?	What disease did Tesla catch?	How old was Martin Luther when he married?	What percentage of Newcastle's population is it believed the Bolivians account for?	Where do clinical pharmacists work with patients?	What might the fees to attend an Irish boarding school rise to?	What other topics can Civil disobedience pertain to?	In which year did the newspaper change its previous definition?	From what project did the Apollo 11 crew consist entirely of?	In Gebhard v Consiglio...Milano, the requirements to be registered in Milan before being able to practice law would be allowed under what conditions?	What county was Newcastle a part of until 1400?	How did Hobson argue to rid the world of imperialism?	Ctenophores are less complex than what other group?	What was Sadat seeking by releasing Islamists from prison?	When was the Soulages collection acquired?	What is the theory that this King's name is the origin of "Huguenot" called?	Who tackled Mike Tolbert and caused a fumble?	What U.S. entity said that corporal punishment was Constitutional?	What century was Newcastle's port developed in?	When was the new constitution promulgated?	What happens first if a Directive's deadline for implementation is not met?	What is the process of constructing a building or infrastructure?	What did Biraben say about the plague in Europe?	How many Kenyans are living below the poverty level?	How many tons of live plants were found to live in one square kilometer of the Amazon rainforest in 1999?	Where is the so-called Rhine Knee?	What contributed to the severity of the plague?	What was Shrewsbury's conclusion?	What is typically used to broadly define complexity measures?	Who did Emma Marry?	Why is it preferred that civil disobedience is non violent?	What was the name of BSkyB's digital service launched under?	WHat did foreign clones of DATAPAC allow for 	Where did Kenyatta visit at the invitation of the President?	What team did Rivera play for in Super Bowl XX?	How many of the prior Super Bowl MVPs appeared together at the pregame show?	Can the President of the Council vote on important matters related to the European Central Bank?	What position did Luther have in Wittenberg?	Who appointed Samuel Phillips to man the tiger team to find answers?	What Denver player caught the ball 76 times in the 2015 season?	What river did Genghis Khan cross before defeating the main Tangut army?	How much of the European population did the black death kill?	Outside of livestock, what else was considered a major industry in the agriculture regions?	Packet Switching contrast with what other principal 	When is Sir Pindar's house dated?	How tall was Tesla?	After cancelling the show, what did the BBC tell the public?	How long has the Rhine coastline been in the same location?	How many other important people sent letters?	What Western was a flagship program for ABC around 1954?	The university established a center in Beijing in what year?	What party rules in Melbourne's inner regions?	Which team won Super Bowl 50.	In what field were double and triple expansion engines common?	What percent live below the povertly line?	When did Paul Rand's iconic ABC logo first debut?	Who was the duke in the battle of Hastings?	Of what length are engine cycle events when the simplest valve gears are used?	Ediacaran eoandromeda can be regarded to represent what?	Besides constant flooding, why else was there regulation of the Rhine?	Where was a cinema relocated while repairs were underway?	What is one general concept that applies to elements of commutative rings?	What policy did the Kelven Report contain?	What did Charles Parsons invent?	When did Tesla first show off the turbine?	How many nations control this region in total?	Which archaeologist proposed the idea that the Amazon rainforest couldn't sustain large populations? 	How many years do Elders serve as provisional Elders prior to their ordination?	When was the Royal University of Warsaw established?	What individuals were responsible for authoring "On the Computational Complexity of Algorithms"?	What campaigh did the Scottish National Party (SNP) run?	What type of camera was used to record the Moon landing?	what was the name of the other HD channel Virgin media could carry in the future?	What method is used for tallying votes in the second vote of the ballot?	What new name was given to the media day?	What is a single Plastoglobuli called?	What physical quantities do not have direction?	What are the laws of physics of Galileo, in reference to objest in motion and rest?	What was the most notable publication of Tugh's academy?	What did Microsoft announce that it would rename Sky Drive Pro to?	What is the moniker that is being used to describe the region's diversified technology?	Which diseases do many scientists believe contributed to plague pandemic?	What 2015 NFL team one the AFC playoff?	When rich countries trade with poor countries, whose wages increase?	Which company was tasked with trying to restore the original tapes?	What was the Chinese name for the Central Secretariat?	Southern California had a population of 22,680,010 according to the census from which year?	On what did Luther's friend blame his sadness and entrance into the cloister?	When was the cabinet-level Energy Department created?	Where was New Year's Rockin' Eve hosted?	What is the mayor of Warsaw called?	What is the most important item for civil disobedience to follow through?	What do unstable 6-carbon molecules become?	What station did the 20th anniversary special show before being shown on BBC?	In the fall quarter of 2014, how many students signed up for the college?	How many membranes do apicoplasts have?	Against whom did the Camisards rise up to fight?	What might cause a higher student interest in learning the presented subject?	What were Tesla's sisters' names?	Who presented the Edict of Worms declaring Luther to be an outlaw?	What network did ABC beat out for third place in television ratings in 2010-11?	What is an example of an NP-intermediate problem not known to exist in P or NP-complete? 	The largest objects in the V&A ceramics and glass collection were produced during which time period?	What type of valve is used by recent safety valves?	What purpose would Luther have in not wanting to ban the Qur'an?	What does Kitab Rudjdjar mean in English?	What did DECnet phase 2 become 	What was the nickname for the test where, during abort mode, the ascent engine was started and fired?	What day was the Super Bowl played on?	Why was this short termed organization created?	What term referred to middle class citizens leaving the suburbs?	The Costiff collection comprised costumes designed by which British fashion icon?	Besides ABC News, what other division was Roone Arledge president of?	How is the climate near the savannah grasslands?	How many tree species were found in one square kilometer of Ecuadorian rainforest in 2001?	Tension, compression, and drag are what kind of forces?	Civil Disobedience is mainly performed by what population group?	When did Singer dispute the graph at a Senate hearing?	What future Revolutionary key figures participated in this attack?	Where was his unfinished project called?	Which pharmacists are likely to seek additional education following pharmacy school?	Who was Boleslaw II of Masovia?	How many teams up to Super Bowl 50 have been to the championship game eight times?	Where were French North Americans settled?	Where did Jebe and Subutai spend the winter following the split of the Mongol army?	In 1984, ABC purchased 15% of what company's shares in ESPN?	What are plants with plastid gene transformations called?	What year did Robert J. Shiller win an Economics Nobel prize?	A small fraction of the cold water flow from Lake Constance goes to what other lake?	In what year was same-sex marriage legalized nationwide?	How large are Plastoglobuli?	What did Disney rename Capital City/ABC after first acquiring the company?	What does the TARDIS look like?	What is the largest traveling fair in Europe?	What type of compounds does oxygen most commonly form?	Melatonin during sleep can actively counteract the production of what?	How many coordinating lead authors does an IPCC report chapter have?	What is the seating arrangement of the debating chamber?	What was the ratio of British settler to French?	What happened to the Apollo 13 crew to force them to use the LM as a "life boat" as it had been designed?	How much dust is blown out of the Sahara each year?	If law breaking is not done in a public manor it is not considered what term?	How many times was Cam Newton sacked in Super Bowl 50?	Who did Disney sell the four newspapers that ABC controlled to?	How much did Sky bid to win the 4 broadcast pacakges they bought?	Who invented the notion of a steam engine's duty?	Where is Audra McDonald from?	What is blamed for causing the sharp drop in fish catches in the Black Sea and the Sea of Azov?	What is the exchange of heat associated with?	The largest construction projects are known as what?	When did Sunday Night Football premiere on NBC?	Who was the first democratically elected president of Egypt?	How many campuses does the University of California have?	Who plotted the relationships between levels of income and inequality?	What Doctor Who spin-off series was commissioned by the BBC?	What is the search feature on the V&A website called?	How much was NASA's procured spending on the Apollo project estimated to be at in 2005 after inflation?	The academic body of the university is made up of how many divisions of graduate?	What is the full name of the ASER?	What are Ctenophora commonly known as?	How much of Australia's milk is produced in Victoria?	Who ruled Cyprus in 1191?	Who were two of the founders of the United Methodist Church?	What player won the MVP in Super Bowl V?	What was the name of the first self-sustained man-made nuclear reaction?	How long did Ms Kucukdeveci work for Swedex Gmbh & Co KG before she was dismissed?	Who first proved Bertrand's postulate?	What is the population of Los Angeles?	Did the rainforest managed to thrive during the glacial periods? 	Who studies the expected monetary flow over the life of the project and to monitor the payouts throughout the process?	What is one example of a unique factorization domain?	What German poet was descended from Huguenots?	What is evidence chloroplasts descended from endosymbiotic cyanobacteria?	Who is responsible for axiomatic complexity theory?	What enzymes in saliva are antibacterial in nature?	Who may have been called upon to fund the festival associated with the Super Bowl in Santa Clara?	Which entity has a monopoly on initiating legislation?	Rocks that are a depth where they are ductilely stretched are also often what?	What was media day called for Super Bowl 50?	What was Disney-ABC International Television previously known as?	What kind of memory was Tesla thought to have?	In what constituent country of the United Kingdom is Merthyr Tydfil located?	How long did it take for Thoreau's disobedience to be known?	What type of physics model did Einstein fail to make?	What is Kenya a founding member of?	What study covered subjects in 80,000 schools?	How many fraternities are apart of the university?	Post 2008 undergraduate students are required to complete how many general education classes towards degree?	What strains of y. pestis were found in the mass graves?	What is the name of the two-tentacled cydippid that feedsentirely on salps called?	What is attributed to the income inequality in the United States?	Why did Warsaw gain the title of the "Phoenix City"?	What includes pressure terms when calculating area in volume?	In what year was the 40th anniversary of ABC's founding?	When was the wedding banquet celebrated?	What is seeing the Holy Bible as the primary authority in the Church?	What immune system is activated by the innate response?	When did British begin to build fort under William Trent?	What is the final effect of adding more and more idea strings to a load?	In addition to a new body, what else changes about the Doctor?	To what place did he bring the injured pigeons to take care of them?	What title did Iroquois give Johnson?	Why was NBC unable to broadcast the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II?	In Newton's second law, what are the units of mass and force in relation to microscales?	Who was named president of Disney-ABC television group in 2004?	Which three famous British potters are represented the the V&A ceramics collection?	How much land do farms use in Victoria?	Who led New France reinforcements in 1756?	How many white settlers were living in Kenya in the 1950's?	When did Ronald Robinson die?	What characteristic of oxygen makes it necessary to life?	The UMC believes that Jesus repudiated the les talionis in what BIble verses?	Who did the FCC rule in favor of in the April 2000 dispute between Time Warner Cable and ABC?	What work of Luther's became popular?	What remote control vehicle did he make?	How many interceptions did Cam Newton throw?	What do etioplasts have instead of chlorophyll?	According to reduction, if X and Y can be solved by the same algorithm then X performs what function in relationship to Y?	Who does history view as accountable for the error Philip I made and Luther's advice in the matter?	Who did the U.S. collaborate with on an Earth orbit mission in 1975?	What does factorization of prime ideals approximate?	How many costumes were in the Costiff collection?	Who led a Mongol attack on the Song dynasty?	Why would one want to give more punishment?	What battle outside Quebec City did British lose in 1760?	What is the city centre of Warsaw called in Polish?	What was Fort Caroline renamed to after the Spanish attack?	Besides drugs, what else do specialty pharmacies provide?	What type of landscapes other than geologic and natural ecosystem landscapes can be found in southern California?	When was the measurement of the Rhine introduced? 	Which other empires or dynasties did Genghis Khan conquer?	What position did Mark Woods take on at the new American Broadcasting Company?	What famous artist later further investigated Philo's experiments?	What replaced the Sky+Box?	What is a twin prime?	Who was ABC Great States sold to in 1974?	In 2005, what did Doctor Who think the condition of his home planet was?	Downtown Burbank is an example of what kind of district?	Colonialism as a policy is caused by financial and what other reasons?	What church in Virginia is maintained by Huguenots as a historic shrine?	Where did the Panthers practice at for Super Bowl 50?	Which festival is held in Newcastle's Gay Community in mid-July?	Who added to Dioscorides' book in the Islamic Golden Age?	When did Tesla go to Karlovac?	In what year was an early admission program reintroduced?	What was the occupation of Doctor Who's other (non-related) companions?	Who stripped the ball from Cam Newton while sacking him on this drive?	Is it easier or harder to change EU law than stay the same?	What has the Court required to be more accessible?	What is ABC's traditional VOD service currently named?	What are environmentalists concerned about having released from the Amazon region?	How many general questions are available to opposition leaders?	Where does Hamas originate?	How many mechanisms does a typical steam engine have to keep boiler pressure from getting too high?	Goldenson proposed a merger between UPT and what network in October 1954?	What are two types of phagocytes that travel through the body to find invading pathogens?	One of FIS' agenda items was to force women to start doing what?	What was the most important governmental change to land tenure?	How many career sacks did Jared Allen have?	What is the position of the satellite that allowed sky to broadcast channels almost elclusively for the United Kingdom?	What mathematician was also apart of the university's faculty?	What are examples of differentiated effector cells that peak during wake periods?	Who was responsible for the glass balustrade on the staircase and mezzanine in the main gallery?	What type of writings did the reading of the Qur'an bring out in Luther?	What does the Nederrikn's name change into?	Why would rampant violence prevent people from going to work?	How many seasons did NYPD Blue last?	Where did the Exposition take place?	In which case was a Dutch national not entitled to continue receiving benefits when he moved to Belgium?	What is another word for cryptophytes?	Who conducted the 2011 online vote?	How many members are on the Warsaw City Counil?	When was the ability to use radioactive isotopes to date rock formations developed?	About how many of the Asian population was Hmong?	If polynomial time can be utilized within an NP-complete problem, what does the imply P is equal to?	Who kicked the field goal for Denver on the first drive of Super Bowl 50?	What other projectiles did Tesla compare the electric particles to?	What is needed to pack electrons densely together?	Who said the homeless in the area would have to leave?	When was Johann Tetzel sent by the Roman Catholic Church to Germany to sell indulgences?	What island does the cold water flow of the Rhine and Lake Constance flow to?	To which technology type that Tesla worked on did the caption refer to?	What is Psalm 67 about?	What did Kublai's government have to balance between?	Who conceptualized the aeolipile?	When was Warsaw completely razed to the ground by bombing raids?	Who was assigned to design a second master plan?	How did Luther view Islam?	When was Waruhiu Itote captured?	What bridge did the Germans fail to demolish?	What signer of the Articles of Confederation was descended from Huguenots?	What was the source of the Rhine in the last Ice Age?	What was the building vacated twice to allow for?	How many miles, once completed, will the the Lewis S. Eaton trail cover?	What is the oldest known rock in the world?	Are juiveniles capable of reproduction?	What was the result of the 1967 referendum?	What Philadelphia institution did Tesla give a demonstration to?	What year did two of Ghengis Khan and Börte's sons die?	How much money was spent on other festivities in the Bay area to help celebrate the coming Super Bowl 50?	Why are people who distribute leaflets inside courthouses not been arrested?	In the 1980s, what cable sports channel did ABC purchase?	How much of the greenhouse effect is due to carbon dioxide?	The Maroons are apart of what association?	What southern city did the Huguenots settle near?	At what temperature do weak and electromagnetic forces appear the same?	What was the first internet2 network named	How many nations are within the Amazon Basin?	In which year were the North and South Courts opened?	What mountainous region is Lake Constance by?	To what extent did Fermat confirm the validity of Fermat numbers?	How long since it's been that geoglyphs were first discovered on deforested land?	What was the number of customers that the BBC  reported had yet to receive the service due to failed deliveries?	In which year was the The Forest tapestry created?	What is the low-power station that serves Birmingham, Alabama for ABC?	Stromatoveris is similair to which genus?	What country is the most industrially developed country in the African Great Lakes Region?	What disagreement did Montcalm and Indians have?	What was wrong with the pigeon?	How many base pairs are there in Chromatophore DNA?	Who developed DATAPAC	With what word was Tesla's sociability described?	What Catholic Church liturgical belief did Lortie criticize openly?	What is a major importance of Southern California in relation to California and the United States?	What did electromagnetic theory  finally lead to?	Any subcontractor has a direct contractual relationship with who?	What is the temperature in the highest portion of the mountain range in winter?	What is sometimes impossible to model?	What color was the background for ABC's 1977 ID sequence?	What are incompetent government's commitment to social justice limited to?	What religions did Tugh Temur follow?	What percentage of Australia's dairy cattle are found in Victoria?	When were the two finalists for hosting Super Bowl 50 announced?	What word is the word pharmacy taken from?	What King and former Huguenot looked out for the welfare of the group?	How many picks did Aqib Talib have?	What was the Marburg Colloquy meant to establish? 	How much money has been raised by the host committee?	As a euphoric how is oxygen used in bars?	Disney-ABC Television Group is a subsidiary of what division of the Walt Disney Company?	What percent of the labor force work in agriculture?	Besides the study of prime numbers, what general theory was considered the official example of pure mathematics?	Where do cacti have chloroplasts?	Who was drawn to Jacksonville in the 1910s?	From what military branch did Mueller recruit managers from?	AC and NC are complexity classes typically associated with what type of circuit?	What was the cartel of Newcastle burgesses known as?	What is the metric term less used than the Newton?	A non-deterministic Turing machine has the ability to capture what facet of useful analysis?	In which cardinal direction from Los Angeles is San Diego?	Genghis Khan was in the process of taking what capital city when he died?	When did the name black death officially take root in England?	How much success did this expedition with Braddock find?	Who was the ruling class ahead of the Normans?	What was ABC's logo based on after the ABC-UPT merger was finalized?	In a market economy, what is inequality a reflection of?	What was Tymnet	How do competing businesses attract workers?	What did Mueller have experience with prior to joining the space program?	What percentage of the vote for a Scottish Assembly in favor of it?	Where does the Rhine make a distinctive turn to the north? 	Where is Doctor Who the record holder for most successful science fiction series of all time?	When did England formally declare war on France?	Innate cells can act as mediators in the activation of what branch of the immune system?	What is a maze of membranous tubes?	Who was the first Huguenot to arrive at the Cape of Good Hope?	What did Stephen Kemble guide the Theatre Royal through?	Where does a private school get funding to operate?	What role did Michael Oppenheimer have in the IPCC's reports?	What is the name of the service that gets local businesses contract chances with the Super Bowl?	What is the name of the Bronco's head coach, who was hired after John Fox? 	Where do juvenile platyctenids live?	Why was he unable to enroll at the university? 	Who took up the path of violence?	How many phases was the Metro opened in between 1980 and 1984?	Who is Newcastle's primary bus operator in the city proper?	What didn't Newton's mechanics affext?	The Amazon rainforest makes up what amount of Earth's rainforests?	What can scales and spring balances measure between two forces by using static equilibrium?	What alumni wrote "The Closing of the American Mind"?	What type of musical instruments did the Yuan bring to China?	What does Warsaw host many of?	2 differences betwen X.25 and ARPNET CITA technologies 	How many expansion stages are used by the triple expansion engine?	How many residents does the greater metropolitan area have?	Where is the highest point of the Rhine basin?	What allows the adaptive immune system to react faster and more strongly each subsequent time a pathogen is encountered?	Who was Count of Melfi	What would a teacher do for someone who is cocky?	Where hotel did the Panthers stay at?	What color pants did the Broncos wear in Super Bowl 50?	What foot was injured on Manning that sidelined him in week 10?	What was enhanced in 2014?	Who was hired to be the deputy director of the Office of Manned Space Flight?	How many kilometers of acres of the Ecuadorian rainforest is supported?	How much was the combined wealth of the "10 Million dollar millionaires" in 2008?	How many times did Newcastle fight off the Scots during the 14th century?	What paleontologists are currently on the university's faculty?	What was suggested at the Symposium in 1967	What is the name of Sky Q's broadband router?	To what is 50 kilopascals equal?	What made Ohio Country vulnerable?	How did the BBC get audio versions of the lost episodes?	What do you use to let idea strings switch direction?	What is similar to literacy that a teacher would teach?	What is the weakest main interaction?	Where did the Broncos practice at for Super Bowl 50?	What conjecture holds that there are always a minimum of 4 primes  between the squares of consecutive primes greater than 2?	Where did water on the eastern side of the amazon basin travel after the split?	Who may members direct questions towards during General Question Time?	Where do cicadas spend the majority of their lives?	Compared to Smeaton's improvement on Newcomen's engine, how much coal did Watt's engine use?	According to the text, how much money did the Host Committee raise?	When did the merger between ABC and Capital Cities gain federal approval?	What show did Peter Jennings anchor for ABC?	What did Tymnet connect 	What is beta carotene?	Who was elected President in November 1960?	colonial rule, or physical occupation of a territory is an example of what kind of imperialism?	Who was given land by British goovernment for development of Ohio Country?	Do the U.S. flags on the moon still have their original coloring or were they faded due to the Sun?	When had the plague reached Alexandria?	What did Michael Mullet call Luther's speech?	WHen did ARPNET and SITA become operational	In 1942, what was North Fresno previously called?	Where were Luther's hymns included?	When was Mueller announced and appointed as Deputy Associate Administrator?	What type of civil war was fought between political and tribal warlords?	What is another name for exoteric?	Which sea was oil discovered in?	What is the main religion in Kenya?	What contains a nearly verbatim of parliamentary debates?	When were the negotiations finished in Mansfeld?	What is the key accomplishment of Genghis Khan that modern Mongolians celebrate?	In what year was the Corliss engine patented?	What two radio networks did RCA own?	What type of hermaphrodite produces egg and sperm at different times?	What is the name for a form of oxygen in which electrons are paired?	What is the name of the river that is completely contained inside Jacksonville?	When did Tesla patent the motor?	When did the Egyptian Islamic Jihad assassinate Anwar Sadat?	What was the name of the first Huguenot church in the New World?	What was the museum originally called?	What was Julian Hawthorne's relation to Tesla?	How do students learn about the church?	Which country in 1985 signed a treaty to give it special status?	What does ctenophore use to capture prey?	What story has little foundation in truth?	What are the antimicrobial peptides that are the main form of invertebrate systemic immunity called?	When did Martin Luther receive his Doctor of Theology?	What term is shorthand for antibody generators?	How many narrow gauge rail lines were previously government owned?	What strategy did Jebe's army use against Kuchlug and his supporters?	When was free primary school introduced?	Which team did Gary Kubiak play for when he was in the Super Bowl?	What did the V&A present in July 1973 as part of its youth outreach programme?	What team was the AFC champion?	What is something that is often torn up and included in sedimentary rock?	What year did Roger Goodell announce that Super Bowl 50 would be "important"?	Who has the record of being the oldest quarter back in any Super Bowl game?	Oxygen is released in cellular respiration by?	What effect did the plague have on the Middle East?	What happened to the credibility of secular politics as a result of the Six-Day War?	What range of years was the current warming compared to?	Agassiz's approach to science combined observation and what?	How many of the Pitt's planned expeditions were successful?	In organizing a new church, what did Luther find to be unworkable for congregations?	Which two governing bodies have legislative veto power?	Where did he live while he was looking good?	What is European Union law?	What two Denver players ranked at 5 percent for sacks?	Aside from BBC Radio 5, what radio station will broadcast the game?	What two environmental conditions are controlled in the museum?	Under what condition is an element irreducible?	Who founded the Ming dynasty?	What can concentrate wealth, pass environmental costs on to society and abuse both workers and consumers?	In what town did Bill Aiken grow up?	What percentage of funds were given as charitable funds to causes in and around San Francisco?	What was Newcastle named as the most type of city in the UK?	What is necessary to disobey?	What public policy school found it's home in the building that Ludwig Mies van der Rohe designed?	What was the wedding date?	Brownlee justifies civil disobedience toward what branch of the government?	What medical treatment is used to increase oxygen uptake in a patient?	What did he find that could constitute a hazard?	What early Huguenot Church was established in England?	Who did Luther say that Christians must not slacken in following?	How many NFL teams have gone 15-1 in one season?	Who received a bid in 1915?	What are the agents the immune system detects known as?	In what year did Doctor Who begin being shown in HDTV?	What percentage of British children are educated at GSCE level in fee-paying schools?	What are ctenophora commonly known as?	What areas did Genghis Khan control at the end of his life?	What is the upper range of annual fees for non-boarding students in British public schools?	What is the force called rgarding a potential field between two locations?	Where did the French send a large number of settlers?	What sometimes follows moving chloroplasts?	Why was the Rhine measurement changed? 	What did Luther's opponents think that it meant about God's presence?	Which type of law concerns the EU's governance structure?	What is consumed in both combustion and respiration?	What did Edison offer Tesla after completing the project?	What job did Tesla's father have in Gospic?	What researcher first used the word oxygen ?	How much of the population of Earth ended up seeing the images of the Earth and the Moon?	How many teams did Los Angeles used to have?	Who loved Warsaw so much that he kept putting it in his novels?	What the marginal utility of wealth per income per person do as that person becomes richer?	What religion's schools does the term 'parochial schools' generally refer to?	What school was Walter Camp a captain for the football team?	What is a new trend in teaching?	What is th elast name of the player who was the Super Bowl 50 winner's leading rusher?	Who gives leadership, preaches the Word and conducts marriages, among other duties?	Who conducted the construction of the new center?	What was Tesla's belief as to the selling price of the biplane?	What is the main component of the aboral organ?	Who was one French pro-reform Roman Catholic of the 15th century? 	If an extraordinary election is held within less than six months before the date of an ordinary election, what does it do to the ordinary election?	What did Thoreau claim about the majority?	In what year did a tropical storm cause a four day loss of power to Jacksonville?	The mother of which emperor was a concubine?	When did Syria and Egypt launch a surprise attack on Israel?	Working versions of 3D-printing building technology are already printing how much building material per hour?	What did Pope Leo X launch against Luther?	Which gas makes up 20.8% of the Earth's atmosphere?	When did the NFL start their 16 game seasons?	What is KMJ now referred to?	Approximately how many architectural drawings does the V&A hold in its collection?	What new technology allowed ABC to pre-record its shows?	Phagocytes can be called to a specific location by what?	In which year did Benjamin Lamme achieve success making the motor more efficient?	Which player played even though he broke his arm two weeks prior to the Super Bowl?	When did the exploration of the interior begin?	What is most of the cleared land in the Amazon region used for?	Where were the Germanic tribes originally located?	_____ Helps the biospher from UV.	What program did Red Cross put together in 2011?	In China, this person inferred that the land was formed by erosion of the mountains and by silt deposition, what was his name?	What is the most critical resource measured to in assessing the determination of a Turing machine's ability to solve any given set of problems?	What planet is Doctor Who from?	What are the two major thoroughfares of Sunnyside?	Some people describe what between individuals or groups as imperialism or colonialism?	What is the most likely effect of breathing oxygen?	What article of the Grundgesetz grants the right to make private schools?	What is the time period represented in the museum's textiles collection?	When did ABC first get in to television broadcasts?	Who did Josel of Rosheim blame for the condition of Jews in Saxony?	Who produces a list of requirements for a project, giving an overall view of the project's goals?	What gauge of rail lines do two tourist lines use?	What was the technical name of the first unmanned Saturn V flight, Apollo 4?	Manning was the number one pick in which draft?	When did Edward return?	The Rhine gets how much water from the Aare?	When was the Tower Theatre built?	What resource is the economy of southern California depedent on?	What does the steam generated by a nuclear power plant drive?	What is a mechanism that can help plants block virus replication?	What is more often seen in root tip maristems?	What logo was modified and reused for the 50th Anniversary special?	What are the most abundant kind of phagocyte?	What does the chloroplast peripheral reticulum do?	Where was Tesla studying when he started playing cards and billiards?	What is distribution of income from labor due to the differences of?	Which engineer made the induction motor more efficient?	How was religion handled in the Mongol Empire?	What will V&A Dundee focus on?	How much did the second stage increase thrust by with the integration of the S-IVB-200?	What are the two ABC affiliates for Grand Rapids Michigan?	What does Fortiter Defendit Triumphans mean?	What actually causes rigidity in matter?	What does the Ten Commandments ask of the Christians?	When was the Masovian Duchy reincorporated into the Polish Crown?	Who is the vice-chair of the IPCC?	In what color was the dot represented in ABC's 1977 ID sequence?	At what address did Goldenson secure a new headquarters for ABC?	In what year did Jerónimo de Ayanz y Beaumont receive a steam engine patent?	Would opportunities be the same in each subject, or would they vary?	When did Huguenots colonize in North America?	What type of cells engulf or eat pathogens and foreign particles?	What did the meeting often become in argument?	What city did Tesla move to in 1880?	What special audio recording was released for the 40th anniversary?	What percentage of farmland grows wheat?	Who did Luther call on to stop the revolt?	What percentage was the increase of agricultural products in 2003-04?	What play showed an early depiction of civil disobedience?	What political leaning does the Cato Institute have?	What network is Newcastle a member of?	Which country used to rule California?	How long as the U.S. government been actively engaged in efforts to counter Islamism?	In what year did Joseph Priestley recognize oxygen?	What is the worlds largest academic and private library system?	What is "The Gate"?	What date did Tesla begin his Colorado Springs experiments?	In what direction does the mountain system extend?	The Walt Disney Company is a part owner of what VOD streaming service?	Who may seek changes or exemptions in the law that governs the land where the building will be built?	In what battle were the Mongols defeated by the Tran?	What river is located in the vicinity of the school?	What did Tesla develop in 1887?	How much of Afghanistan did the Taliban take over?	How many courses must undergraduates maintain for full time status?	What is to blame for the burdens in health care in Kenya?	What are the three sources of European Union law?	What is one of the largest and most modern oncological institutions in Europe?	Which theorem states that every large even integer can be written as a prime summed with a semiprime?	What is one of the supplementary sources of European Union law? 	What work from around 300 BC has significant theorems about prime numbers?	Where was the Central Secretariat based?	What do you get when you figure the sum of forces with vector addition?	What was happening to subscriber numbers in other areas of europe?	What supplanted Frame Relay and X.25 	Where was the baptismal hymn used to introduce the Reformation?	Who was Genghis's 3rd son?	After what battle did Union forces return to and occupy Jacksonville for the rest of the war?	Microplates squeezing and rotating created the features of what?	What are some causes of reduced immune function in developed countries?	What else did the new consitution change?	How does Kenya curb coruption?	What Florida stadium was considered for Super Bowl 50?	Commensal flora can change what specific conditions of their environment in the gastrointestinal tract?	How many games did the Panthers lose in the regular season before Super Bowl 50?	What are the agents detected by the immune system called?	What was the first team Peyton Manning began playing for?	What US war caused a high amount of civil disobedience?	Ctenophores and cnidarians are classified as what?	What is the hypersensitive response of a plant immune system?	Who is the new companion for the 10th series of the revival?	What effort was Luther not particularly in favor of?	Who succeeded Dick Clark on ABC's New Year's broadcasts?	Where did Luther spend his career?	What kind of T cells have the purpose of modulating the immune response?	What do students learn about in confirmation and membership preparation classes?	Which journal was the joint statement published in?	In what meeting did Shirley lay out plans for 1756?	What is the Proto-Germanic adoption of the Gaulish name of the Rhine?	What was the name of the Media Day event for Super Bowl 50?	What percentage of leukocytes do neutrophils represent?	The All-Channel Receiver Act mandated the support of what kind of tuning?	What is the taskforce that was organized to identify with the pro-life position?	Shark Tank was based on what other reality show?	What meteorologist was also apart of the university's faculty?	When did Tesla graduate?	Where is the upper canal regulation of the Rhine?	What has had a negative impact on the labor markets in the US?	What did Kenya name itself on December 12, 1964? 	What body in India provides policy directions to schools?	What year saw the merger of two museums in Newcastle?	In what country does some clergy in the UMC occasionally practice exorcism?	When did the UMC enter into full communion with several churches?	Why did the Shah of Iran gave an interview?	Le Grande also wrote that defining the term civil disobedience so difficult it could be described as? 	The Brotherhood was the only opposition group in Egypt able to do what during elections?	The Huguenots were the first Europeans to live in what modern New York borough?	In what year did Fresno get its first pedestrian mall?	Which direction did the disease first move in?	Who was first appointed at the anchor of 20/20?	What are white blood cells known as?	When did Luther give his response to Eck?	How are the forces derived from fields treated similarly to?	In the definition based off the mountain range, which region would the desert portions of north Los Angeles County be included in?	What did Marlee Matlin translate?	For how many years was evidence shown that humans shaped the the Amazon?	What did Genghis Khan do to the Tangut imperial family after their surrender?	What was the name of the legislation passed in 1850?	According to Tesla what had been gone over by the thieves, or spies who entered his room?	What did Tesla's teachers believe he was doing while in school?	What is the principle that states that with sedimentary rocks, inclusions must be older than the formation that contains them?	What do closed rivers serve as after they close?	In the layered model of the Earth, the outermost layer is what? 	What do students do after primary school?	For what type of music was Doctor Who considered a pioneer?	What was the percentage of a female householder with no husband present?	What is the group called that does not agree with government at all?	What year did Thompsons indicate Mt Kenya?	What did Tesla spend Astor's money on?	What crew sent the first ever live images of the Earth and Moon to earth?	When was the Imperial Library Directorate established?	When was the Rhine first discovered?	What motor did they end up using instead of the one Tesla wanted? 	In what year did ABC submit licenses for 5 television stations?	Where did Dinophysis get its chloroplasts from?	What is the mineral wustite?	Which type of livestock was the argricultural region known for?	What can keep an object from moving when it is being pushed on a surface?	Why were Johann Esch and Heinrich Voes executed by the Catholic Church?	What replica was used for player introductions?	When was Spanish takeover of Louisiana Territory complete?	What did Luther claim the church would have to comprise if the law were not taught?	Why is Jochi's reported alliance with the Muslims historically suspect?	When was the newsmagazine 20/20 first created?	Pressures greater than what can lead to convulsions?	Who is the first administrator of the Federal Energy Office?	Where can one find the formerly Huguenot farms in South Africa?	How was the efficiency of a steam engine typically evaluated?	How are the total numbers of seats allocated to parties?	The development of Terra Preta allowed for what to happen in the Amazon Forest?	Where is Newcastle's horse racing course located?	Besides the North Sea and the Irish Channel, what else was lowered in the last cold phase?	What castle currently houses the Centre for Contemporary Art?	What is Victoria's largest non-Christian religion?	Which musical genre did the progressive folk-rock band Gryphon presented at a concert/lecture at the V&A? 	What root problem can cause starch buildup?	Which party is strongest in Victoria's northwestern and eastern regions?	What is the expression used to identify any given series of problems capable of being solved within time on a deterministic Turing machine?	What is a derogatory term for the Christian academies that arose in the wake of school desegregation?	By how many kilometers does the traveling salesman problem seek to classify a route between the 15 largest cities in Germany?	How many meals a day do normal Kenyans eat?	What year did Doctor Who win a Peabody award?	How large was the audience BSkyB said they could reach?	Where is another indoor location for a teacher other than a school?	Along with 10 Cloverfield Lane, what Paramount trailer appeared during the Super Bowl?	When was Tesla Electric Company formed?	Which group benefited from the funds distributed by the religious charity, al-Haramain Foundation?	What position did Rivera play in Super Bowl XX? 	On what service were All My Children and One Life to Live revived on for one season?	What is the Island off of the German shore of the Rhine that this warm and cold water meet?	When did the so called gentlemen's agreement between Sadat and the Islamists break down?	What type of vote must the Parliament have to either block or suggest changes to the Commission's proposals?	Other than land laws, what else were the Californios dissatisfied with?	What position did the tax collector that arrested Thoreau get?	In a report on K-12 teachers, which teachers had the lowest median salary?	Beginning how many years ago did the amazon rainforest extend 45 degrees south?	How many screens does the Empire muliplex cinema have?	What is the scenario called in which we don't change our greenhouse gas creation practices?	How could human inequality be addressed without resulting in an increase of environmental damage?	When did Genghis Khan become Great Khan?	Who has elected the President of Warsaw since 1990?	In what year did the film also mention the number of regenerations?	What caused the US public to condemn the occupation of the philippines?	In which year did the V&A Theatre & Performance galleries open?	What journalist wrote an article defending Doctor Who?	Why have some men avoided becoming teachers?	What country has higher scores on standardized tests than the U.S.?	Who was Philip I?	In what year did the serial format change for the Doctor Who series?	What does high levels of inequality do for economic growth in richer countries?	Which country does the Rhine encounter it's main tributaries?	What was another possible reason that Tesla and Edison did not get the award?.	Which male child of Ghengis Khan and Börte was born last?	In what year was the Apollo program announced?	In what year did ABC launch the Movie of the Week?	What company was formed by the merger of Sky Television and British Satellite Broadcasting?	Data from physical experiments can be extrapolated to the field to understand what processes? 	What was the accepted length of the Rhine prior to 1932?	Who wrote that imperialism is the highest stage of capitalism?	What was faith's greatest enemy according to Luther?	The term Annual Conference is often used to refer to what?	What is the largest independent library outside of London?	What could a teacher help in organizing?	Who was the Uighur King of Qocho ranked above?	President Johnson issued an executive order to rename the Launch Operations Center after whom?	What does the pleurobrachia have on opposite sides of its body?	How do academic results in former Model C schools compare to other schools?	What is another term for the string of a problem instance?	In which year was the John Jones Collection left to the museum?	What must be done to make non public lawbreaking acknowledged as civil disobedience?	Who created the 2005 theme for Doctor Who?	How many children did Luther and his wife have?	Who conceptualized the piston?	Generally speaking, what size are the earthquakes that hit southern California?	Who helped Temüjin rescue his wife from the Merkits?	What did the civil war leave the state of Afghanistan's economy in?	What company reached a deal to also stream its ABC affiliates?	What does the immune system protect against?	What is used to calculate cross section area in the volume of an object?	Who asked Luther to teach theology at the University of Wittenberg?	What is the Rhine called in Dutch?	Who would the occupation alienate?	Which Thesis questions the Pope's actions in building the basilica of St. Peter with the money of the poor?	The inland delta at the mouth of the Rhine is with what Lake?	What kind of buildings are in the towns of Close, Sandhill and Quayside?	When did the logo bug begin appearing throughout the entire program for ABC shows?	Who agreed with the burning of synagogues?	What did this affair cause to Luther's reputation?	Case complexity likelihoods provide variable probabilities of what general measure? 	Harold WInston's supported which country's during its six day war?	What was the color of the jerseys in Super Bowl XXXII when Elway was quarterback?	What did Agricola apparently believe about who should be in control  law?	What book is revised after every General Conference?	How many people did the Islamic State control the territory of as of March 2015?	When did Denmark join the EU?	New cameras were introduced for the game, what degree of view do they provide viewers?	When the three types of rock are re-melted what is formed? 	How do bills pass through Parliament?	How much literature has been written regarding civil disobedience?	How many vector equations did Heaviside and Gibbs reformilate Maxwell's 20 scalar equtions into?	In addition to teaching within the family, where else is informal teaching done?	The Super Bowl 50 Host Committee said it would be the most what ever?	The perceived British policy of being hands off of its Muslim population has resulted in what derogatory term for London?	By what main attribute are computational problems classified utilizing computational complexity theory? 	What is the population of the Greater Los Angeles Area?	What astronomers is also a university alumni member?	Who is the quarterback for the Panthers?	Which species moves by a darting motion?	What candy company did Edward John Noble own?	How much did Tesla say Edison offered him to redesign his motor and generators?	Who reigned over the Ottoman empire when it was at its most powerful.	What did Paul Baran develop in the late 1950's	When was ambulatory care pharmacy approved as its own certification?	What was the name of the wife arranged for Temüjin by his father?	What production company pitched The Untouchables to CBS in 1958?	Who is suited to interpret the Treaties?	When did Gou's calendar become the official calendar of the Yuan?	What side effect of these type of protests is unfortunate?	What activity maintains topographic gradients?	What programs are broadcast from the Times Square Studios for ABC?	When was the military-political complex reflected upon within the scope of understanding imperialism?	What project did Harvard halt due to the financial crisis?	By what process is singlet oxygen made in the tropophere?	In what process is singlet oxygen usually formed?	Where in Dundee will the gallery be located?	Where does the pattern of higher income-longer lives still hold true?	What two women were defying the pharaoh in the story from the book of Exodus? 	Which two generals raided the Caucasas and Kievan Rus' for Genghis Khan?	The name of the NFL championship game is?	When was most of Sunnside developed?	Who sold the rights?	What was the other finalist besides Levi's Stadium?	What is ATP synthase similar to?	What type of wages does mechanization and automation lead to?	When did the formation of the Holocene Rhine-Meuse delta begin?	How much does Victoria produce in Australian pears?	What is the benefit of red algae being red?	Who developed the 2007 imaging campaign for ABC?	How was Sadat rewarded by the Islamists for his attempts to bring Egypt into modern times and civilization?	How long ago did oxygen reach 10% of its present level?	Which Middle Eastern nation in particular views Genghis Khan as a contemptible perpetrator of genocide?	How many teams can boast a 15–1 regular season record?	Which NASA faction came around first to support the LOR?	Which lone female architect listed above is represented in the collection?	What did the Kyoto Protocol try to address?	Since what year did the university offer a doctorate in Cinema & Media studies?	How many Huguenots were killed during this purge?	Recent studies believe  that ctenophores are the sister lineage to what?	What is Creon trying to stop Antigone from doing in the play? 	What can cause fluctuations in the production of corn?	Where is British English usually used?	Who makes decisions in between the four-year meetings?	How did the Rhine extend watershed southward? 	Who did the Parliament rent additional buildings from?	Lots of tumor cells have fewer of what type of molecule on their surface?	Where was it shown to have a 0.3% prevalence of sexual abuse by professionals?	What type of shadow does the North Pennines cast?	Who started the Yuan dynasty?	Which pair of Genghis Khan's sons were most rivalrous?	What coalition rose up to oppose Louis XIV's France?	To where is most of the abalone and lobster caught in Victorian waters shipped?	Where can you find more information on a country's practices?	What was the most revered award that Doctor Who has won?	What type of engines became widespread around the end of the 19th century?	Of what mathematical nature is the Basel problem?	What techniques can be used to determine paleotopography?	What are rhodoplasts' phycobilin pigments combined into?	Mohammad Iqbal was what type of father to the State of Pakistan?	In which year did the gallery devoted to Chinese art open?	How many years does the V&A glass collection cover?	How many people died of plague in Paris in 1466?	From which country did the Rococo Augustus Rex Bureau Cabinet come from?	when was the Victoria and Albert museum founded?	Electrolysis of what can be used to produce oxygen and hydrogen?	What did this agreement do?	How many yards did the Broncos' defense give up?	If the average U.S. worker were to complete an additional year of school, what amount of growth would be generated over 5 years?	Though unkown, what are the most commonly ascribed attributes of L in relation to P	Who influenced the Taliban's ideology?	Whose goals often still oppose the IPCC?	What did a 1996 study by Perotti examine?	What is Donald Davies credited with 	Where are longitudinal waves found?	In what year did Harvard win an Intercolleiate Sailing Association National Championship?	What are the two ABC affiliates for Tampa, Florida?	What is the term for closing off rivers that are no longer connected?	Approximately how many objects are in the V&A sculpture collection?	What mountain range did Genghis Khan cross to enter the Khwarezmian Empire?	What Aaron Sorkin created show did ABC debut in 1998?	What country's schools have codes of behavior that are very strict?	Where had the Mongol capital been before Kublai moved it?	Who was the executive producer of the 2005 Doctor Who revival series?	Who did the Dutch fight in the Dutch Revolt?	How much of the GDP was agriculture in 2005?	What group specifically opposed the Huguenots?	What was Luther's force within the Reformation?	Which group seeks to reconceive and promote Biblical holiness in today's church?	Where is the Z-ring?	What type of system takes students from one specialist to another for each subject?	In what episode did Doctor Who get a new cycle of regenerations?	Who was considered to be the first choice in the NFL draft of 1998?	How is packet mode communication implemented 	In what year did the university first see a drop in applications?	What did Carolina face in the opening drive that they had not faced the entire postseason?	BQP and QMA are examples of complexity classes most commonly associated with what type of Turing machine?	What venue in Miami was a candidate for the site of Super Bowl 50?	In what city is Rangi Ruru Girls' School?	Who was the Panthers' tackle leader for 2015?	State Route 180 comes from which direction via Mendota?	Where is Polonia's home venue located?	According to the Riemann hypothesis, all zeroes of the ζ-function have real part equal to 1/2 except for what values of s?	Who had Toghtogha tried to defeat?	Which committee has the exclusive power to set pastors' salaries?	Which examples of fashion does the museum continue to acquire for its collection?	When was the City of Malindi established?	What does the First Company Law Directive article 11 require?	What percent of girls are in prostution in Kenyas coastal areas?	How much capital did Danish law require to start a company?	What is one example of an instance that the quantitative answer to the traveling salesman problem fails to answer?	What does the acronym CSM stand for?	What caused the delay during the development of the AC motor.	Where has there been very well-known cases of teacher misconduct?	What was cancelled by NASA after the Apollo 6 testing, after deeming the Saturn V ready to hold men?	What were the win/loss game stats for the Denver Bronco's regular season in 2015?	Blue ribbons in the logo were used to represent which division of ABC?	What can faith groups ask the Presiding Officer to do for them?	Which architect, famous for designing London's St. Paul Cathedral, is represented in the RIBA collection?	Who found that a culture had developed where few Commissioners had any sense of responsibility?	When is Luther commemorated by the Church of England?	What chemical did Priestley use in his experiments on oxygen?	What team had 244 yards in Super Bowl XXXV?	When did oxygen begin to move from the oceans to the atmosphere?	How many people were lost in Algiers during 1620-21?	When was it discovered that prime numbers could applied to the creation of public key cryptography algorithms?	Where was Super Bowl 50 held?	What was the starting cost for a TV commercial lasting 30 seconds and airing during Super Bowl 50?	What is the second academic school of technology in Poland?	What compounds can be masked with the molecules of the host cell in order for a virus to evade detection?	Which article made provisions for concentrations or mergers and the abuse of a dominant position by companies?	In the year 2000 how many square kilometres of the Amazon forest had been lost?	What was the king's first approach to the Huguenots?	How many companies were registered in Warsaw in 2006?	What was the only year that a full series was not filmed since 2005?	Many construction companies are now placing more emphasis on what?	What is the height of the section that turns north? 	What years did this occupation take place?	What was the diameter of the Saturn V in feet?	How did Luther say that reason contributes to faith?	Which type of climate may have allowed the rainforest to spread across the continent?	What is the historic heart of Newcastle?	What alumni is also the Governor of the Bank of Japan?	What is an expression that can be used to illustrate the suspected inequality of complexity classes?	 What may have caused rainforests to grow across South America?	Which Pope sought to undermine Luther's theories?	In the fall quarter of 2014, how many students signed up for the university's  in total?	What molecules of the adaptive immune system only exist in jawed vertebrates?	How is most plants' cpDNA arranged?	What is the smallest number of Bolivians it's estimated live in Newcastle?	What is the church's theological orientation?	What criticism in NY times article that impacts the quality of Education at Harvard?	What was the theme of Super Bowl 50?	What are Harvard's Pell grant reserves?	What happens if angiosperm shoots don't get enough light?	What is the metric they use to determine how busy airports are?	What are teachers expected to give their students?	The time required to output an answer on a deterministic Turing machine is expressed as what?	What was the name of Temüjin's laws?	Who took command of French in spring of 1753?	Where was Parliament's temporary home whilst the permanent building was being built?	What country has low income inequality and high presence of unions?	Which station started showing Doctor Who after the SF channel closed?	What makes the method of trial division more efficient?	What is the scale used to measure the strength of hurricanes called?	Who invited Washington to dine with him?	Because of the gold theme, what was Super Bowl 50 known as?	Which name is also used to describe the Amazon rainforest in English?	What did Tesla mistakenly believe X-rays were?	How long would the astronauts be project to be able to stay on the moon for in the latter missions?	How is Temüjin written in pinyin?	Who said Tesla had a "distinguished sweetness"?	What year did a Super Bowl play in the bay area around San Francisco, prior to Super Bowl 50?	Who made Ralph earl?	Who leads The Islamic State?	In what episode is it brought up that the First Doctor might not actually be the first Doctor?	What caused changes in the Amazon rainforest vegetation?	What does coastal beriods use as teeth?	Within the 30 days how many digiboxes had been sold?	In 2013-14, NBC finished in first place in the 18-49 demographic for the first time since when?	Gosforth and Byker are the largest shopping areas of what type?	Why might rats not be responsible for the plague?	What's the name of where the Rhine branches off near Dordrecht?	Who were the current rights holders for the Primer League?	By what name is that first Huguenot church known today?	The paternity of which of Genghis Khan's sons was disputed?	On an international level, which industry's competitive positions is affected? 	Other than Scotland's Chief Law Officer, from whence are most ministers drawn from amongst?	What type of sentences were the protesters given?	What was a plugs-out test done to simulate on the LC-34?	Which religion did Kublai prefer?	What was the goal of the system 	Why has the Rhine been shortened?	What did the Amazon rainforest do during the Middle Miocene?	Conservative Islam classifies Muslims who follow Shia interpretation as what?	Along with nuclear, geothermal and internal combustion engine waste heat, what sort of energy might supply the heat for a steam engine?	What kind of programs did NBC Red test?	What did industry do to the Rhine until the 1980s?	When was the main gallery of the V&A's ceramics and glass collection redesigned?	What field involves the study of the immune system?	How many classes of immune hypersensitivity are there?	When did Polonia Warsaw win the country's championship prior to 2000?	During what time period did income inequality decrease in the United States?	Besides the V&A's, whose collections are under the responsibility of conservators at the V&A?	What type of treatment do civil disobedients usually receive?	What rainforest covers the majority of the Amazon basin in South America?	In addition to Watt, Boulton and Smeaton, whose engine was an atmosphere design?	What additional benefits are there to surrounding community of expansion?	What position does Demaryius Thomas play?	Jules Ferry thought that the "higher races" have a duty to what?	In what decade were injectors widely used in steam engines?	What items comprise the John Jones Collection?	What talk show replaced One Life to Live?	What Star Trek episode has a nod to Doctor Who?	What was the score of the last game the Carolina Panthers played prior to the NFC Championship?	What was found to be at fault for the fire in the cabin on Apollo 1 regarding the CM design?	What name is given to any prime number larger than 2?	What is the animal that the Rhine's islands are named after?	In 1951, rumors claimed that ABC might be sold to what network?	What German general and fighter pilot was of Huguenot ancestry?	When was consumption inequality lower than it had been in 1986?	What does the transport and storage demand for safety in dealing with oxygen?	When was Europe's last major epidemic?	What is the full official city name of Warsaw?	Who attends Loreto Normanhurst?	Assuming that T represents a polynomial in T(n), what is the term given to the corresponding algorithm?	Who decides who gets to speak in the chamber debates?	Name a larger car that Toyota came up with as buyers lamented the small sized compacts?	What is the state average growth rate?	Which countries use the green Greek cross as a symbol of pharmacy?	Where was Friedrich Ratzel born?	In August 1994, what Toledo, Ohio affiliate did ABC purchase?	When did the university decide to start multimillion-dollar expansion projects?	When was the soundtrack for series 5 released?	What do the reactive forms of oxygen produce in organisms?	What kind of shows were used as counterprogramming by ABC in the Fall of 1959?	When did the attack occur in which the Normans impressed Prince Guaimar III occur?	The rate of clearing of forest from 2000 to 2005 was how many square miles per year?	What pathway that plays a role in immune response to viruses is present in all eukaryotes?	Who formulated the idea of clonal selection theory of immunity?	When was the last Super Bowl in California?	How many beds does the Maria Sklodowska-Curie Institute of Oncology have?	When did Obama finally visit Kenya?	When did Tesla admit to a reporter that maybe he'd sacrificed too much by not having a relationship?	For what nation did Ribault initially claim what is now Jacksonville?	What type of festival is The Northern Rock Cyclone?	What is chloroplast DNA abbreviated as?	When did Prime Minister Wilson commit to some form of devolved legislature?	Who did Wiesner hire to monitor and second guess NASA's decisions?	What channel shows repeats of the Doctor Who shows?	An igneous rock is a rock that crystallizes from what?	How many members make up the Judicial Council?	What troops attacked Fort William Henry in early 1757?	What does the local council hope will help cut down traffic congestion in Newcastle?	Some species of beroe have a pair of strips of adhesive cells on the stomach wall. What does it do?	What archdiocese is Warsaw the seat of?	Where did the Meuse flow before the flood? 	Who is Welsh medium education available to?	Where did Mongke Khan attack the Song dynasty?	Which direction does two thirds of the Rhine flow outside of Germany?	What was the shape that Faget designed for the Apollo command module?	Other scholars contend that Luther's words lent what element to Christian suspicion of Jews?	After its re-opening, which types of movies did the Tower Theatre show?	How many vice presidents are on the Student Board?	What feature normally allows the TARDIS to disguise itself?	Who was Guy's Rival?	Where did the genoese traders bring the plague?	What station aired the Super Bowl?	How many pieces of legislation has the Social Charter become the basis for?	Who directed Luther away from self-reflection and towards the merits of Christ?	What does civil disobedience relate to?	What country has the most factories that pollute the Rhine?	Who influenced Bismark besides his neighbors?	In what areas does most of the learning take place?	What are one of the key cell types of the adaptive immune system?	During which years was the plague present in Islamic countries?	What did the early entrant program do for potential students?	What lies between L and P that prevents a definitive determination of the relationship between L and P?	What does the plos pathogen paper claim?	How is oxygen ranked as abundant in the universe?	What has having an EU Citizenship increased?	Who makes up the BBC commentary team with Greg Brady and Rocky Boiman?	What is the earliest that Bach began using Luther hymns?	To whom was the Large Catechism directed?	What were requests made to British?	What organization has continued to be a major disruptive force in Palestine?	Who played the War Doctor?	What are the two processing facilities in the neighborhood?	How many years must a local pastor attend a course of study at United Methodist approved seminary?	What country did the Normans invade in 1169?	Which hotel did the Broncos use for Super Bowl 50?	How are Air force messages delivered 	How many protein-encoding genes are there in Chromatophore DNA?	Who won the elections in 1992 and 1997?	What unintended development did the relationship with the elector have on church government?	What was the last Super Bowl the Broncos participated in?	What position does Brandon Marshall currently play? 	Is the UMC pro-life or pro-choice?	What is normally eaten for lunch and supper?	Where was the NFL Experience held for the 2015 season?	How many CDs does Newcastle's library have?	When did Tesla discover the possibility of wireless connectivity?	What does the ctenophora use to swim?	Which game console could viewers stream the game on? 	What is the exchange of a set of obligations between two or more parties?	How many astronauts was the LM intended to take from orbit of the moon to the surface of the moon?	What is the IEEE?	Who did the Super Bowl 50 National Anthem?	What language is used to educate in Wales?	What is the largest denomination within the wider Methodist movement?	Who threw gold into the Rhine, according to legend?	About how much did a New York City day school cost annually in 2012?	What can proplastids become?	Which species eggs are fertilized and kept inside the parents body until hatched?	Who did the Han Chinese want to help the Mongols fight?	Who sculpted the representations of Prince Albert and Queen Victoria found in the main entrance?	How did Brainbridge's official ledgers report revenue?	In the wake of the Jacksonville fire, what did the Florida Governor do?	Where did Kublai build his administration's strength?	What do ctenophores have that no other animals have?	How large are Cytoplasmic ribosomes?	What is unique about  simultaneous hermaphrodites?	Up to what age do students in the United Kingdom attend preparatory schools?	What percentage of Warsaw's population was Protestant in 1901?	What prize did Peter Higgs win?	What administrative division did Kublai leave unmodified?	How many points did the Broncos defense allow their opponents to get?	Juvenile platyctenids act like what?	What are the components of drug therapy?	In which two codes were the roles of pharmacists codified?	What was the protest in Antigone about?	Who protected Jamukha after he escaped the conflict with Temüjin?	Who has loaned the Raphael Cartoons to the museum?	What lead to the UK to subscribe to the agreement on Social Policy?	Who was on Celeron's expedition?	What is the process in which neutrophils move towards the site of inflammation called?	Who sacked Newton a few plays after the challenge?	What was Warsaw's Old Town listed as in 1980?	In 1890, who did the university decide to team up with?	What do the leaders of the opposition parties and other MSPs question the First Minister about?	Approximately how many British drawings are included in the V&A collection?	Which direction did the Rhine flow during the last cold phase?	What did Kublai do to prevent famines?	Was the LM intended to return to Earth at all?	In 2009, what did Citadel Communications rebrand it's ABC Radio brand as?	What needs to be larger to get the same work out of lower pressure steam?	In 2012-13, ABC debuted a comedy Last Man Standing starring who?	When did French Republicans back building the French empire?	What did Protestant nobles form the following year after the signing of the Augsburg Confession?	What do statements from the PO and member in charge of the bill also indicate?	How is the prime number p in Bertrand's postulate expressed mathematically?	What is the law named that defines a charge moving through a magnetic field?	in 1846 who's natural history lectures were acclaimed in New York and Harvard?	What was thought to decide a person's behavior?	What would someone who is civilly disobedient do in court?	Who produced the Doctor Who revival series?	When did the series of strikes happen?	What life process produces oxygen in the presence of light?	How many seasons did The Love Boat run for?	Where was Ralph earl of?	When was Levi's Stadium awarded the right to host Super Bowl 50?	Who did the US provide aid to, to fight against the Soviet Union?	What did CBS provide of the Super Bowl 50 broadcast for its website, some apps and media players?	What is the name of the village that once existed in what is now downtown Jacksonville?	Where does the Rhine river's measurement begin?	Khitan had been overthrown by which dynasty that Genghis Khan later defeated?	What company was in its last year for getting Super Bowl commercials at a big discount?	What year was Jamukha surrendered to Temüjin?	To which year is the earliest known piece of English silver with a dated hallmark is dated?	What UN secretary went to Harvard?	In what year did the Norman's invade at Bannow Bay?	What was the idealized value of imperialism?	What year were the first Doctor Who stories available on CD?	To monitor what event would measuring radiance from vegetation provide information?	The amount of land a country controls is its greatest what?	How many LEA-funded 11 to 18 schools are there in Newcastle?	In considering Turing machines and alternate variables, what measurement left unaffected by conversion between machine models? 	Which shaman's proclamation aided Temüjin's rise? 	What was carried on extended lunar missions?	Who tackled Ronnie Hillman for a loss of yardage?	How many BSkyB channels were available to customers prior to October 2005?	What does a receiver have to be equipped with to view encrypted content?	Who is on the IPCC Panel?	Which park is home to the Kearney Mansion?	When did ABC Films begin selling programs to other networks?	What does the minister who was the catalyst of the Members Business do by speaking after everyone else?	What is Warsaw's symbol?	Who was given the esteemed status of MVP for Super Bowl 50?	With which museum does the V&A co-owns Canova's The Three Graces?	What soap operas did ABC cancel in 2011?	What article was published in 1937?	What Apollo mission was this LOR method used and needed?	When will Roman numerals be used again to denote the Super Bowl number?	Who would have been the lowest-ranked class?	What did Maududi believe Muslim society could not be Islamic in the absence of?	In what year did the Master reincarnate into a female body?	What two fields of theoretical computer science closely mirror computational complexity theory?	What words are inscribed on the mace of parliament?	What town is surrounded by Jacksonville?	Reduction essentially takes one problem and converts into what?	What new component was found in certain rocks from the moon?	Who made early colour videos of the show?	Who was the sideline reporter for ESPN Deportes?	What happened to his ribs in the accident?	How high do plague fevers run?	What component of water is more soluble than nitrogen?	The Church rejects was as an instrument of what?	Why was Tesla returned to Gospic?	Which descendant of Genghis Khan is remembered as having reunified China?	What is used to quantify the intuitive undestanding of forces?	The bend on the Rhine goes from the West to what direction?	What's the regional nickname for Newcastle and its surrounding area?	What parts of plants have chloroplasts?	In schools using popularly based authority, what is public order like?	It is generally assumed that a Turing machine can solve anything capable of also being solved using what?	What type of civil disobedience is accompanied by aggression?	What was Tesla likely to do with his work?	What is the Royal Castle the most interesting example of?	When did Luther's writings to spread to France, England and Italy?	When were the public housing developments built in the neighborhood?	What was the centrifugal governor incapable of doing?	Who was the announcer for Westwood One's Super Bowl 50 coverage?	What did Philo incorrectly assume that the air became?	When was ctenophore mnemiopsis leidyi introduced into The Black Sea and the Sea of Azov?	Who patented a steam engine in 1781?	Which of Genghis Khan's ambassadors did the Shah have beheaded?	What yard line did the Broncos stop the Panthers on in their first offensive drive of Super Bowl 50?	What part of chloroplasts isn't similar to mitochondria?	What was compounding seen as being in the locomotive construction industry?	What do chloroplasts in mesophyll cells lack?	There's a UNESCO World Heritage site in the Rhine Gorge between the Koblenz and what?	Who is credited with the modern name for this system 	What is the largest medical school in Poland?	Where were British defeated in Canada?	What other business district does Orange County envelop outside of Downtown Santa Ana and Newport Center?	What else contributes to Jacksonville's summer storms other than land heating beside the water?	What leads to confusion and collapse?	Kurt H. Debus was appointed what position for the Launch Operations Center?	In what language did ESPN Deportes broadcast the game?	What is violating a law which is not the goal of the protest called?	When did Martin Luther die?	What feature of the Shah's army enable the weary Mongol forces easy early victories?	What was Tesla's father's original plans for Tesla?	In 2000, ABC started an internet based campaign focused on what?	What has given a boost to manufacturing in recent years?	What was Robert Watson's role in the IPCC?	What famous author used similarity and likeness of Percy Shelly in his writing?	Disney paid for The Jungle Book, Alice Through the Looking Glass, and which other film trailer to be aired during the game?	The University of Chicago Library system has how many libraries in total?	What Microsoft CEO is also an alumni of the University of Chicago?	When was Warsaw's stock exchange brought back to life?	When did the General Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church split into two conferences?	When did BSkyB first announce their target goal?	Horizontal layers of what are pulled along a surface into a back stop in analog versions of orogenic wedge experiments?	What older dynasty was replaced by the Western Liao, or Qara Khitai?	What year was the Maastricht treaty signed?	What is the name of Doctor Who granddaughter?	What does connection orientation require	Where is the Jazz Jamboree hosted?	What nominal title did Yuan emperors have?	What concept did philosophers in antiquity use to study simple machines?	What type of electric current is needed for electrolysis?	What was the occasion when he claimed he'd made the death ray?	What profession does Simon Kuznets have?	Which country faced a complete embargo in the EEC?	Who established the Confederation of the Rhine?	Geoglyphs dating to what period were found in deforested land along the Amazon River?	Which two Mongol leaders added Persia to the Mongol Empire?	Which people brought forward one of the earliest examples of Civil Disobedience?	What is the highest reference hospital in all of Poland?	When did Germanic tribes cross the Rhine to migrate?	What must be passed using democratic means by the entire school community?	What is the source of oxygen production through electrocatalytic means?	How many Huguenots fled France by the 1700s?	What kind of university is the University of Chicago?	Debates about civil disobedience include or exclude what major practice? 	How many Panthers defense players were selected for the Pro Bowl?	What can block a legislation?	Where is the Apache Point Observatory located?	What magnitude was the 1994 Northridge earthquake?	What injury did Thomas Davis suffer in the NFC Championship?	Which player was criticized for not jumping into the pile to recover the ball?	Who is known as the father of the modern steam railways?	Who lost to the Panthers in the divisional round of the playoffs?	What is the name of the commuter rail system?	What does many workers willing to work for a lot of time competing for a job that only requires a few workers result in?	where do plasma waves occur? 	What is often misunderstood as the cause of matter rigidity?	What function is a teacher's role similar to?	What year was St. Nicholas' lantern tower made?	How many Doctor Who episodes have been shown, in total?	Who applies expertise to relate the work and materials involved to a proper valuation?	Which type of law makes EU institutions and its member states follow the law?	How far did the second block, AS-202, travel downrange in km? 	What does the utilitarian principle seek for the greatest number of people?	Which territory did Jochi try to protect that may have led to a dispute with his brothers?	What does the KCPE determine?	When did building activity occur on St. Kazimierz Church?	Which famous Indian took a plea and put himself at the mercy of the courts?	What is another name for an immune system's improved response?	Which group did not agree to sign these agreements?	How many total volumes are in the Harvard library system?	In what English colony were Huguenot settlers promised land?	What type of housing was erected in Warsaw as part of the Bricks for Warsaw process?	What answer denotes that an algorithm has accepted an input string?	The symbol for mercuric oxide is?	Who discovered pottery found on Black Hammock Island?	Who is the governor of India's central bank?	What sort of system releases the exhaust steam into the atmosphere?	Which areas were least vulnerable to disease?	When was the Edict of Worms presented?	What was added to the the church of St. Andrew in 1726?	Who was the first NASA scientist in space?	Why was this bill nessecary? 	What are the principal cash crops in Kenya?	Who shared sideline reporting duties with Mark Malone?	What may also be required of teachers, in some areas?	What is the main reason consulting pharmacists are increasingly working directly with patients?	Which entities have powers of amendment and veto during the legislative process?	What team had the lowest downs and yards ever in the Super Bowl as of Super Bowl 50?	What alternate payment did Edison offer Tesla?	Where did HT fail to pull off a bloodless coup in 1974?	What did water that flowed towards the Pacific have to flow across during the mid-Eocene?	What was the name of Wesley's famous sermon in which he warned against the dangers of drinking?	Who arranged for Tesla to demonstrate his system at the IEEE?	Who besides the british colonized Africa?	What did Martin Luther believe achieved God's Grace?	Why is the final bill passed to the Monarch?	When people take on debt, it leads potentially to what?	Granting what status would allow private non-religious schools in the US to receive public funds?	If Parliament agrees in a vote to the general principle of a bill, what does it then proceed to?	What plateau has groups of clay pits?	Who is responsible for operating the electronic voting equipment and chamber clocks?	What antibody is transported from the mother to baby across the placenta?	Where was Shirley planning an expedition?	Where was the signing held?	Where was Luther born?	When did income inequality begin to increase in the US?	What do MSPs who are not in the chamber when the division bell rings return to do?	Who was announced as the LEM contractor in November 1962?	When did Luther return to Wittenberg?	What type of topological systems are found in numbers in Victoria?	What did colonial authorities  reduce because of the Ballarat revolt?	What was the time on the clock when Carolina got the ball to their 24-yard line in the fourth quarter?	Which empire bordered the Mongol Empire to the west in 1218?	The restriction modification system is used by bacteria for protection from what pathogens?	How long has Proportionality been recognized as one of the general principles of EU law?	In what borough is there a neighborhood called Huguenot?	The WJZ callsign would then be assigned to an ABC affiliate in what city in 1959?	Who was given the highlights of most of the matches?	What was the average family size?	What concept explains why objects continue in constant motion?	What was the number of solo tackles that Von Miller had in Super Bowl 50?	What year did Iqbal return to Lahore?	Who is the author of the book, "Knowledge and Decisions"?	Roughly, how much oxygen makes up the Earth crust?	What was the name of the work to give grants for youth development and other things?	What country does the Moselle take the Rhine to?	What social construct did Huguenot refugees in Canterbury practice?	What year did the league begin having schedules with 16 games in them?	When was the Jacksonville town charter approved?	Where are health and social problems most common?	As of what year were 10000 horsepower engines available?	In what year did Richard Trevithick patent his device?	What kind of electricity was Tesla investigating?	What did Tesla dress in while in Tominaj?	Where is the Rhine? 	What is the name of the movement that seeks renewed use of steam power in the modern era?	When was the Special Report on Renewable Energy Sources and Climate Change Mitigation (SRREN) issued?	Who had the most rushing yards on the Broncos?	What is the process of removing trees from a forest known as?	How was Luther's health for the years of 1531 to 1546?	What is the bend of Rhine in Basel called? 	Who argues that the government redistributes wealth by force?	How many bits are often in the primes used for RSA public key cryptography algorithms?	Since 2005, what is the gender of Doctor Who's primary traveling companion?	What weapon did Marco Pole report as the cause of Genghis Khan's death?	What can amyloplasts become?	What was Tesla's friends' theory as to what became of him?	How many times less is the strenght of the weak field compared to the strong?	According to Wilson's theorem, what factorial must be divisible by p if some integer p > 1 is to be considered prime?	What ends at this bend in the Rhine?	What are engines using four expansion stages known as?	How long has the African Great Lakes region been inhabited?	What is as important as identifying plague symptoms?	Who selected the first Apollo crew?	When did the deal between Peck, Brown and Westinghouse take place?	What act set out the Parliament's powers as a devolved legislature?	What did European chemists make that could be used in warfare?	How many passengers per year does Newcastle's airport handle?	What can lead to higher wages for members of labor organizations?	What was the number of times the Denver Broncos played in a Super Bowl by the time they reached Super Bowl 50?	Who has performed all the Doctor Who music since the 2005 Christmas special?	What industry did the nobleman establish with this settlement?	Paramount paid fo, 10 Cloverfield Lane and which other film trailer to be aired during the game?	When did the Warsaw Uprising begin?	When did General Hospital first debut on ABC?	When John Fox left as head coach for the Broncos, who replaced him?	What is rugby rapidly becoming with high schools?	A function problem is an example of what?	What religion did Henry renounce upon ascending the throne?	What year did Tesla die?	In 1952, how many television stations were there in the United States?	Who continued to hold the citadel of Bukhara after the Mongols took the rest of the city?	When might starch grains become overly large?	What year did Börte's give birth to Jochi?	Where did Huguenots and Walloons settle in England?	If P is ultimately proven to be equal tot NP, what effect would this have on the efficiency of problems?	To what type of organisms is oxygen toxic?	How many sons did Börte bear Genghis Khan after Jochi?	How many Vice Presidents are in the Board of Trustees?	When was the construction that changed the Rhine's Delta?	Who translated this version of the scriptures?	Interest groups and government agencies that were concerned with energy were no match for who?	Besides 1,3 and 7, what other number must all primes greater than 5 end with?	How far did he claim the mechanical energy could be transmitted?	When had the Brotherhood renounced violence as a means of achieving its goals?	In what model do grana look like pancakes?	Families with French names in South Africa speak what language today?	What was Tesla afraid someone was trying to do with his invention?	According to the Nobel Foundation what has to happen before someone can decline a prize?	Where are the gonads located?	Which three doctors were in The Sirens of Time?	Which Louisiana venue was one of three considered for Super Bowl 50?	What river runs through Warsaw?	What were the fossils that were found to represent ctenphores missing that current ctenphora have?	What has to accounted for that causes no net force being the cause of constant velocity motion?	What other city has hosted the Super Bowl ten times?	When did Great Britain lose its colonies in North America?	What separates the neuroimmune system and peripheral immune system in humans?	Who played Doctor Who in the revival series?	In early Pleistocene, what direction did the Rhine flow?	What are Apicomplexans a type of?	Construction takes place on location for who?	What did Wiesner shout out in front of the press during a presentation by von Braun?	What funds cannot be used if a teacher is not registered?	What did Martin Luther do during 1510 to 1520?	What is the delta in the Rhine delimited in the west by?	Who relaunched Doctor Who in 2005?	What is a protein that is closely intertwined with circadian rhythms?	How is worst-case time complexity written as an expression?	The sieve of Eratosthenes would not be valid if what were true?	Which part of London was Sir Paul Pindar's house, whose façade now resides in the V&A collection, located?	Where was Halford Mackinder born?	What law justified British imperialism?	What band is often regarded as the first folk metal group?	What is structural geology?	What sort of power transmission did Tesla show off at his labs?	What actress played the last incarnation of the Doctor in the special?	Which two groups have cells bound by inter-cell connections and membranes, muscles, a nervous system and sensory organs?	Who does the statue of Little Insurgent commemorate?	In what year was the Victoria and Albert Museum founded?	Pneumatica was written by what Greek writer?	When was amnesty granted to those responsible for the massacre?	What trend increases the organic composition of capital over the long term?	Who is the quarterback for the Carolina Panthers?	What other English towns were sites of Huguenot settlement?	What year did BSkyB and Microsoft announce their settlement?	What two governors agreed to a truce to protect their young colonies?	What European event caused the Huguenots to abandon Charlesfort?	What museum in Newcastle is dedicated to children's books?	Between Brakel and what other city can the most landward tidal influence be detected?	What does corporal punishment cause a student?	What special was created for the show's 30th anniversary?	What percentage of money raised was earmarked for causes in the San Francisco area?	What kind of light is inadequate for chloroplasts to divide?	What interfered with Kublai's second invasion of Japan?	Who granted Newcastle a new charter in 1589?	Who was Tesla prejudiced against?	How long did it take for the Theses to spread through Europe?	Many conferences have taking a position by voting in favor of what?	What is an example of major civil disobedience in South Africa?	What did a 1530 royal act restrict shipments of?	Stable and radioactive isotope studies provide insight into what?	What was the digitization project called?	How many tree species are in the rainforest?	When was the Gerald Ratner Athletics Center constructed?	Who was Kaidu's grandfather?	What is another function that primes have that the number 1 does not?	Where did Yesun Temur die?	What was one location the noise readings in Newcastle were taken at?	When did the church reform begin?	What later invention was Tesla's idea similar to?	What country are all the counties in?	 Where were missing patents later found?	Who was the hostage?	What had the Yuan used to print its money before bronze plates?	How many students have received unwanted sexual attention from a teacher or other education figure?	Which bound of time is more difficult to establish?	How are chloroplasts in land plants usually shaped?	Who is the current captian of the cricket team?	Who may not require that its teachers be certified?	What is the largest city in Poland?	Of what is ozone a reactive part of oxygen?	Where did the Normans and Byzantines sign the peace treaty?	How many visitors did the Britain Can Make It exhibition attract?	What does the UMC oppose as incompatible with the teaching of Scripture?	Unlike confirmation and profession of faith, what is a sacrament in the UMC?	What does isobaric mean?	What does stong force act upon?	Are ctenophores predators, vegetarian or parasitic?	Who do most jurisdictions say can give scheduled drugs to the public?	What  does ozone's characteristic to cause damage effect?	Who was named the president and CEO of ABC after Goldenson suffered a heart attack?	What other terminology is considered much more destructive?	What industry was centered in Bedfordshire?	when did the English High court find Microsoft's use of the term "SkyDrive" infringed on Sky's right?	Who was appointed to head a team to find the problems North America had regarding manned space flight?	What reconstructions supported the 1999 paper's information?	Which tribes did Genghis Khan unite?	When was the University of Chicago established?	When B cells and T cells begin to replicate, what do some of their offspring cells become?	How many solo tackles did Von Miller make at Super Bowl 50?	Where does the Delta in the Netherlands begin?	In 1500 AD how many people were believed to have lived in the Amazon region?	What Super Bowl did Rivera play in as a player?	Who is the Commissioner of the National Football League?	How many types of science fiction have been impacted by Tesla?	Who has criticized ordering from online pharmacies that don't require prescriptions?	What did NSFNET eventually provide	Which famous Dutch artist who painted The Night Watch is represented in the drawings collection of the V&A?	What is the second largest contrubtor to Kenyas GDP?	Turing machines are commonly employed to define what? 	To what gauge have some lines been changed in the west of Victoria?	How many legions in five bases were along the Rhine by the Romans?	How many Panthers went to the Pro Bowl?	Which residents of Bukhara were spared and sent back to Mongolia?	In which year did Alexander Dyce bequeathed his books to the museum?	How many Panthers players were chosen for the 2015 season's Pro Bowl?	What was the passer rating for Peyton Manning that he finished out with for the season? 	Where did the Broncos practice for the Super Bowl?	What is also decided by the Presiding Officer?	What are some other factors a pharmacist must monitor?	The UMC prohibits the celebration of what type of unions?	Pattern recognition receptors recognize components present in broad groups of what?	To what body are certain powers explicitly specified as being reserved for?	Who ruined Roussel de Bailleul's plans for an independent state?	Were the centers profitable	Who was imprisoned in Newcastle by the Scots in 1646 through 1647?	What was the resolution of the cameras used in the EyeVision 360 system?	What formation has an asymmetrical pattern of different terraces?	What city north of New York was settled by Huguenots?	In what era did some members of this community emigrate to the US?	Why were Southern Chinese ranked lower?	Who was responsible for the new building projects in Jacksonville?	What is malum in se considerations?	How long did Phillips manage the Apollo missions?	How many Panthers players were selected to the Pro Bowl?	What advise did Thoreau give the tax collector when unable to perform his duty?	A multi-tape Turing machine requires what type of time for a solution?	When was al-Nimeiry overthrown?	What shape are granal thylakoids?	How many natural reserves are in Warsaw?	What are the two major subtypes of T cells?	Newton was the number one pick in which draft?	When did Newcastle's first indoor market open?	What theory best explains gravity?	Deacons serve a term of how many years as provisional deacons?	What type of treatment are pharmacists important for?	Who ordered Loudoun to attack Louisbourg?	What is the earliest known movie featuring scenes filmed outdoors in Newcastle?	In which year was Möllendorff Dinner Service designed?	In what year did Tesla go to Colorado Springs?	How often must local lay servant reapply?	What are some existing facilities?	What is the largest ABC station operator in terms of market reach?	What equates to a squared integer according to polynomial time reduction?	With what European country did the Huguenots feel kinship for emigration to?	Who edited Tesla's autobiography?	When was the 8-4-4 system launched?	When were these settlers naturalized as English colonists?	what do conquering people pass down to native populations?	Where was Temüjin's patron Toghrul exiled?	What did the Apple system assign automatically 	What type of boundaries help to define the way kids behave?	Where are reserved matters stated in the Scotland Act?	How many interceptions are the Panthers defense credited with in 2015?	In what part of the 19th century were steam turbines introduced?	What did Tesla's father promise him while he were bedridden?	When is the Warsaw Gallery Weekend held?	Whose relics reside in the Becket Casket?	What is another term for university-preparatory schools?	On what day does the Super Bowl media day traditionally take place?	In the determination of complexity classes, what are two examples of types of Turing machines?	In the wake of the ABC and Capital Cities merger, who was the president of ABC News and ABC Sports?	What are the largest objects in the V&A ceramics and glass collection?	What does political pressure push to extend to compensate for stagnating purchasing power?	What can be the result of a change in an organization?	MHC antigens on normal body cells are recognized by what receptor on NK cells?	What do donated genes give evidence of?	By the opening of the 2008 General Conference, what was the total UMC membership?	What happens to the GDP growth of a country if the income share of the top 20 percent increases, according to IMF staff economists? 	When did delegates to the World Methodist Council vote to adopt the joint Declaration on the Doctrine of Justification?"	When is the Sicilian Tristan Quilt dated?	What religion did the Yuan discourage, to support Buddhism?	How old are the gravestones that reference the plague?	How did the settlers protect their interests?	Where is the Congress Hall located?	What was the name of the Doctor Who-related song released in 1988?	How did Luther respond after being asked if the books were his?	When did rapid warming begin and help vegetation?	Which company did Mrs Foster work for?	How many central conferences are outside of the United States?	Of what form are Sophie Germain primes?	Who hosts the weeknight talk show featured on ABC networks?	When did he first mention wireless communication?	In what year did Edmond's characterize a "good" algorithm?	Where did Maududi's books place Islam?	How much did the gross agricultural product increase from 2003-04?	What must a public school teacher have, at a minimum?	How did Celeron handle business on trip?	What territory was ceded to Britain?	If one computer model turns out correct, by what year would there be a nearly complete loss of rainforest in the Amazon basin?	What do lobates feed on?	What did the BankAmericard allow customers do to that they couldn't do with previous financial instruments?	In how many places is oxygen stored in its cycle?	Large public works, dams, bridges, highways, water/wastewater and utility distribution are under what construction sector?	How many organizations issued the joint statement on climate change?	What were NTL's services rebranded as?	What is the term for catching the motivation expressed by the teacher?	Who was Genghis Khan's father?	What does ATP synthase change into ATP?	What is it called when there is an active attempt to overthrow a government or belief system?	Along with diesel engines, what engines have overtaken steam engines for marine propulsion?	What was Joseph Haas arrested for?	Who was sacked as the first half clock expired?	In what sense must you be observing the curvature of space-time?	What is the name of ESPN's streaming service that is analogous to WATCH ABC?	Lake Constance separates the German state Bavaria from what other one?	Philo of Byzantium ____ surmised that air converted to fire	Who did Shirley leave at Oswego?	What is the name of the satellite that measured the amount of dust?	What has a Lama determined to do?	The population of Newcastle was 189,863 according to what year's census?	Who stripped the ball from Newton on a 3rd and nine?	When was Zia-ul-Haq killed?	On what date did the Florida legislature decide against the plan to renovate the Miami stadium?	What alumni was also an Attorney General and a federal judge?	What is a chemical secreted by tumors that suppresses the immune response?	Who may teachers focus on, in order to prioritize attention?	Where did the Song dynasty continue to cause problems for Kublai?	What major category of conservation result in an object that is more attractive and more comprehensible to the viewer?	What Doctor Who mini-episode was shown during the Prom?	Who has the Islamic Liberation Party attempted to assassinate? 	How far from state house in downtown Boston is Harvard Yard?	The flushing action of what expels pathogens from the eyes?	Who did the Ottoman empire ally with in WW I?	What was he hoping to stimulate with the toe squishing?	What are numbers greater than 1 that can be divided by 3 or more numbers called?	DEC originally had 3 layers but evolved into how many layers 	Besides fats, fatty acids, and amino acids,what other organic compounds contain oxygen?	What group bought Cyprus after the Norman conquest?	What was the eventual final goal of the Apollo projects?	When did the North American French and Indian War end?	When did the FCC approve UPT's purchase of ABC?	In what country is a background check required?	How many tiers are in the Australian form of learning?	Which well-known general abandoned Jamukha's coalition against Temüjin?	When was the IPCC Fourth Assessment Report published?	Who handled pre-game coverage on Westwood One?	What year was the song Fog on the Tyne released?	What year was the University of Warsaw established?	Who helped find sponsors and donors to help with the cost?	Secular Arab nationalism was blamed for both the defeat of Arab troops as well as what type of stagnation?	Germany doesn't have an imperialistic past until when?	When was the main gallery for the V&A's contemporary glass collection opened?	What ideal thermodynamic cycle analyzes the process by which steam engines work?	Of what nationality was Martin Luther?	Where have some workers made more than $100,000?	How many metric tons of carbon are believed to be stored in the Amazon forest?	What is the name of the student improvisational theater troupe?	What does chlorophyll use light energy to do?	In what form are most hospital medications?	How long was the longest Doctor Who Christmas Special?	What is a very seldom used unit of mass in the metric system?	On what yard line did Carolina begin with 4:51 left in the game?	Whose First Law of Motion says that unless acted upon be forces, objects would continue to move at a constant velocity?	Many liturgies are derived from what book?	Where is the Rhine Bridge?	The production of what signalling molecules is regulated by the immune system?	Elders in full connection are each a member of what?	How far is Newcastle's airport from the center of town?	What documentary was shown about Doctor Who?	What is restrained with a lever in the top of a boiler?	Who made experimental measurements on a model steam engine?	Which successor to Henry resumed persecution of the Huguenots?	What is the glacial alpine valley known as?	What is the major tributary of the Rhine?	In which century were the four Devonshire Hunting Tapestries woven?	The Taliban was so different from other moments that they could be more accurately described as being what?	The beginnings of digital television allowed what affiliate in Wheeling, West Virginia to begin airing ABC programs digitally?	Who wrote the book "Capital in the Twenty-First Century"?	By justification certain racial and geographical theories, Europe thought of itself as what?	What did Tesla's design not need? 	When was the UMC formed?	What is the name of the French colony established in 1564?	What field type is usually chosen for Super Bowl games?	Who did Kublai make the ruler of Korea?	What cruise line has included Newcastle as a departure port since 2007?	If a force is pointing horizontally to the northeast, how many forces can you split the force into?	What school model is Sweden notable for?	How many times a year does The Council meet?	What is the main goal of criminal punishment of civil disobedients?	How was Tesla's mechanical oscillator powered?	What is the concrete choice typically assumed by most complexity-theoretic theorems?	At first what did Tesla think was the main cause of damage to skin cells when they were exposed to X-rays?	What type of support does co-teaching provide?	There is growing interest in what indigenous group in the Amazon?	The hardest problems in NP can be analogously written as what class of problems?	What is the process by which the adaptive immune system is evaded by the chainging of non-essential epitopes called?	What portion of Berlin's population spoke French by 1700?	Other than T cells, what other immune cells express CYP27B1?	What was Ronnie Hillman's average yards per carry in 2015?	From where would scientists like measure vegetation radiance?	What type of city has Warsaw been for as long as it's been a city?	What modern-day country was Tesla born in?	Who was keeping pressure and showing disagreements for the LOR, even in front of the President?	What year was Super Bowl 50?	What do radical Islamist organizations reject entirely?	What program that aired between Last Man Standing and Shark Tank was cancelled by ABC in 2013?	What does Packet switching contrast with 	During which period in history was the Amazon rainforest a narrow band of forest?	Sky Movies and Sky Box office also include what optional soundtracks?	In the Rankine cycle, what does water turn into when heated?	What can a teacher with 25 years of experience make, in Euros?	Which historic empire used cultural imperialism to sway local elites?	What did the Industrial Revolution cause to happen to Newcastle?	What carries a significant amount of the Rhine flow through France?	What other areas did the Apollo missions help spur advancements in?	What is the best QB ranking that Cam Newton holds?	Who claimed Luther's writings were a blueprint of actions against Jews?	What entity began producing television series for ABC in 1962?	A teacher must be a member in good standing with what entity in many situations?	How often does the General Conference meet?	How many actors have played Doctor Who?	How does most plants' cpDNA replicate?	How many tons of dust are blown from the Sahara each year?	When the law is a direct target of the protest, what is this called?	What does Article 102 of the Treaty of Lisbon prohibit?	The Pleistocene epoch takes place during which period?	When did Costa v ENEL take place?	What did NASA name the series seeking up to 30 more flights to Earth's orbit?	How many touchdowns did Ronnie Hillman make?	The prospect of what event compelled the protection of German private schools?	The Rhine Gorge is between Koblenz and what other city?	Previous to isotopic dating sections of rocks had to be dated using fossils and stratigraphic correlation relative to what? 	Who first sent radio waves across the Atlantic?	Who broadcast the Super Bowl on TV?	On what scale would scientists show measurements of vegetation?	What music did the fourth soundtrack feature?	Who was famous for disobedience against a tax collector?	Where was American Broadcasting-Paramount Theatres, Inc headquartered after the merger?	Whose puppet did Islamists accuse the Saudi regime of being?	What are the weakly filled higher orbitals of oxygen?	Where did two of Triton's daughters set out on a journey through?	When did John Wesley provide a revised version of The Book of Common Prayer?	Who was the Broncos' leading rusher for the 2015 season?	What was the objective of Royal Proclamation of 1763?	How wide is the Upper Rhine Plain? 	How do both chloroplast membranes compare to cyanobacterium's original double membranes?	What is an interdenominational group composed of various churches to promote the Gospel throughout the world?	Who designed ABC's 1998 new graphic design?	How did france differ from Britain in managing its colonies?	What medical treatment is used to benefit patients with hearth and lung disorders?	Where does heat rejection occur in the Rankine cycle?	Who was named the president of ABC News in 1977?	What was Disney-ABC Domestic Television previously known as?	What is the other NHL team aside from the Anaheim Ducks to reside in Southern California?	What did Pegasus satellites measure to propose the safety of the environment in space and on the moon?	Where is cyclic photophosphorylation common?	Who hired Tesla in 1888?	What is the name of the scheme that provides tuition and fee assistance to students due to excess enrollment?	According to the theory, what does the name "Huguenot" mean?	There was a 16th century Huguenot settlement near what modern day Florida city?	What happened to the rate of flow in the Rhine during the Rhine straightening program?	What color is phycoerytherin?	What is the proprietary system that Sky+HD uses?	Who sees a patient after a nurse can not help anymore?	How many affiliates did ABC have in 1949?	Helper and regulatory T cells can only recognize antigens coupled to what kind of molecules?	What was the verdict on other alleged errors?	What was roaring as Newcastle was stormed?	Where does The Council meet?	What was the Norman religion?	Who did the churches claim had suggested expulsion of Jews from Germany?	What was the reason the Italian Constitutional court gave that resulted in Mr. Costa losing his his claim against ENEL?	How many names of Ghengis Khan's daughters are known?	Most imperialism was carried out using which method of transport?	Who did Newton complete a 45 yard pass to on the opening drive of the second half?	How far did the sea level drop in the ice ages?	On which magazine's cover did Tesla appear in 1931	Some of the combs in the V&A collection of South East Asian art is made of what material?	What did Bach base entirely on Luther chorales?	What was his belief as to what nature was supposed to be?	What is an anda?	What is an example of an article of uniform clothing typically present in Australian private schools?	What was the programming philosophy pioneered by ABC and Goldenson?	What is the most snow Fresno has ever had?	Who recovered a Manning fumble?	What was the hymn based on?	In South Africa, along with privately governed schools, what schools are classified as independent?	What are those with lower incomes less likely to have in order to prepare for the future?	When did Greenland sign a Treaty granting them special status?	His poem is considered the first kind of what type of protest?	How many cylinders does the Energiprojekt AB engine have?	What was the time limit on Luther's recantation of sentences?	Which town's massacre did Genghis Khan order in retribution for the treatment of his envoys?	When are inequalities in wealth justified, according to John Rawls?	Who was Ralph in charge of being at war with?	Where did Tesla return to in 1873?	Who did a pressurized oxygen cabin fire kill?	Where are Jersey and Guernsey	What type of works from Asia are included in the V&A's British galleries?	Who decides the fate of protesters most of the time?	When was Warsaw ranked as the 32nd most liveable city in the world?	In the US, who decides on the requirements for teachers?	What year was the decision made to cancel Apollo missions 18 and 19?	What controls wages in a purely capitalist mode of production?	What is another general name for a religious teacher?	What happened to the SM upon reentry to the atmosphere?	How many days did the River Tyne have the Bambuco Bridge?	How many years could separate outbreaks of the black death?	What percentage of Filipino primary school students are in private schools?	What has replaced the former shipping premises?	When was earthenware movable type invented?	What is a PPP also known as?	Who sacked Cam Newton at the end of the half?	What century did the Normans first gain their separate identity?	What is the most common cause of immunodeficiency in developing nations?	What is the nickname for the Delta in the Netherlands?	Who was appointed as the replacement for Duke Yansheng Kong Duanyou?	Most antibiotics target bacteria and don't affect what class of organisms?	When did the term imperialism first come to be used by its current definition?	Telnet was sold to 	How can you find the absolute age of sedimentary rock units which do not contain radioactive isotopes?	What type of medicine did Mongol shamans use?	Where are pyrenoids found?	What put a hierarchical structure in place?	What space-time path is seen as a curved line in space?	Teaching Christians how they should live is what use of the law?	What year did Tesla avade the draft? 	What is a synonym for chloroplast DNA?	What function do compounds like phenol and acetone serve in the manufacture of many other substances?	What has become the secret to economic growth?	What types of pharmacy functions have begun to be outsourced?	Who did Alexander I marry?	By whom is European Law applied by?	In what year did Warszowa become the official capital of the Masovian Duchy?	Which countries are represented in the Far Eastern collections?	The outside of the CM was covered in what kind of material?	Who missed a field goal for the Panthers?	How did the Nixon administration negotiate with the uncooperative countries?	When is Luther commemorated in the Lutheran Calendar of Saints ?	How many guests attended the dinner celebrating the opening of the Grainger Market?	Other than the San Diego metropolitan area, what other area are the communities along Interstates 15 and 215 connected with?	What does the highest level of the Vistula plateau contain?	What portion of Luther's last statement was in German?	For how long did the plague stick around?	Who was Edward the Confessor's half-brother?	How many hymns did Luther write based on the Ten Commandments?	In addition to English, what language is also often taught in Nepalese private schools?	What was the first recorded settlement in what became Newcastle?	What was the name of the first episode of the new Doctor Who series?	Where do transport vesicles move between?	What kind of economy did northern California start to grow in the 2000s?	Who may teachers ignore, in order to prioritize attention?	Who donated property to the University of Chicago?	What is an example of a rotary engine without pistons?	What did Tesla design several experimental setups to produce? 	Why is the collection dominated by fashionable clothes made for special occasions?	What did a greedy merchant do to the mermaid?	Who was the MVP of Super Bowl I and II?	What was Norman Cantor's theory about the plague?	When are the new Sky Q products going to be available?	How long is the term of a Judicial Council member?	What network was converted into an independent subsidiary by RCA in 1942?	What is the name of the donor who helped establish the Hutchinson Commons?	What is the term for wind-blown dust in a tundra?	What is the name brand of the personal video recorder that BSkyB offers?	What can it sometimes take up to 14 years to get permission to build on?	The traveling salesman problem is an example of what type of problem?	Who scored the first points for Denver?	Who was the Most Valuable Player of Super Bowl XLI?	In early 2012, Goodell said that Super Bowl 50 would be what?	What did these Lutheran clerics use as fuel to bolster the Policies of the Nazis?	What was the average cost for a TV ad lasting 30 seconds during Super Bowl 50?	Where are some physicians permitted to prescribe and give out medications within their practices?	What part of the Earth's geological structure is larger than the crust?	When was the Duchy of Normandy founded?	How many members can voters choose to represent the constituency? 	What was the first Super Bowl that the Carolina Panthers played in? 	When did Luther write the hymn From Depths of Woe I cry to You?	William would eventually gain what throne?	Where was the ball recovered?	From 2004 to 2005 Harvard reduced the number of students earning Latin honors from 90% to what?	What is the second busiest container port in the United States?	Who is considered the leading figure in the Arts and Crafts movement?	For whom was this new mass intended?	In which year was the Salting Bequest made?	Other than 7 and 13, what other year interval do cicadas pupate? 	What is the mace displayed in?	What type of exercise does research show receives a boost in performance from oxygen?	How can the deposition of compliment kill invader cells directly?	Acessing the Amazon rainforest was restricted before what era?	What famous musician starred in Stormy Monday?	School desegregation in the United States led to an increased number of students of what ethnicity in public schools?	What does the thylakoid membrane use the energized electrons for?	In 2013, ABC's identity was revamped by what design agency?	What does lack of education lead directly to?	The adaptive immune system must distinguish between what types of molecules?	What style of lace is erroneously believed by some to have Huguenot influence?	What does Paul Krugmen think has had an observable effect on inequality in the U.S.?	Which kicker had a portion of the turf collapse, causing him to miss a field goal?	what did he do for $2 a day?	In 1735, who did John and Charles Wesley teach the gospel to in America?	When was Iqbal elected president of the Muslim League?	When did the launches of boilerplate CSMs occur in orbit?	What month, every four years, are the ordinary general elections held on?	How many points did the Broncos score in the final three minutes of the Pittsburgh game?	What unit is measured to determine circuit complexity?	How many lines does the commuter rail system have?	What type of numbers demonstrate a flaw with the Fermat primality test?	Which Doctors were featured in The Four Doctors?	What was Nicholas Storch ?	In what interval are some of the greatest primes without a distinct form discovered in?	Higher rates of health and social problems are just two of examples of effects from what?	When did the Fourth Doctor appear on CD?	What was the average cost for a 30 second commercial during Super Bowl 50?	What Shakespeare scholar is currently on the university's faculty?	Who did the Carolina Panthers beat in the 2015 NFC Championship game?	Who decides who gets to address the members of Parliament to share their thoughts on issues of faith?	When did Tesla start working on the problem of energy and matter?	What is the largest city in all of California?	What did Temüjin's mother emphasize in his lessons about Mongolia's volatile political climate?	A satellite that measured the amount of dust going to the Amazon was named what?	What was there a significant minority of in Warsaw?	How many of the network's stations are owned-and-operated?	How did Luther want people to bring about change?	What is the name of the supposition that any number larger than 2 can be represented as the sum of two primes?	What does the inner mitochondria membrane do?	ENR used data on what to rank Top 400 firms as heavy contractors?	Which country's cars became more highly sought after as they were more fuel efficient?	What is another name for teaching within the family?	Which central European country had a Calvinist ruler?	What foreign bodies, which are older than the rocks themselves, occur igneous rocks?	How many interceptions did Josh Norman score touchdowns with in 2015?	How many total yards did the Panthers have in the NFC Championship?	What part of the Rhine flows through North Rhine-Westphalia?	Which end of the Saxon Garden is the Tom of the Unknown Soldier located at?	What was the fort that was being built to be named?	What do you have to cross to reach the chloroplast in many secondary plastids?	Which company has held contests for fans to  create their own ad for the company?	How many picks did Peyton Manning throw in the season?	Who intercepted a Manning pass, giving the ball back to the Panthers?	Which book discussed the theory about low populations in the Amazon rainforest?	How many tons of dust remains in the air?	What aspects of life does Islamism seek to integrate itself into?	On what is Victoria's constitution based ?	What type of architecture is represented in the majestic churches?	Which theory states that slow geological processes are still occurring today, and have occurred throughout Earth's history?	What civilization did the pottery belong to?	When did the FCC begin imposing fin-syn rules?	What does increased oxygen concentrations in the patient's lungs displace?	At what temperature will oxygen condense?	What process is responsible for the planet's oxygen content?	Which Super Bowl was hosted in San Diego in 2003? 	In 2007, what company purchased ABC Radio properties?	What building from the 19th century was destroyed between the 1950s and 1960s?	What kind of committee considered legislation on the development of the Edinburgh Tram Network?	Who called themselves the "People's President"?	Which country's imports became the de facto mass market leaders?	What's the name of the United Kingdom's sole remaining news cinema?	Who notably improved the Savery water pump?	Which television network aired the Super Bowl?	What word was Luther criticized for adding in Romans3:28?	When was the salary range listed valid for (month and year)?	Who can decide on legal matters in Islam?	What percentage of money raised by the Host Committee will be used for charitable causes?	What is Harvard's total financial aid reserves?	Where in Warsaw are patriotic and political objects connected with Poland's struggles for Independence found?	What is the central business district of San Diego?	Which time period does the sculpture collection cover?	What is retrograde signaling?	Which rival's tribes did Genghis Khan famously measure against the linchpin?	Cells of the site of an infection in a plant undergo what process to prevent spread of the disease?	Members of which organizations are disqualified from sitting in the SP as elected MSPs?	What other catalysts can be used to produce oxygen?	Where was the Space Task Group located?	What type of government investigations apply to civil disobedience?	What is the name of the water body that is found to the east?	What British mathematician took pride in doing work that he felt had no military benefit?	Who first discovered his body?	Sky UK Limited is formerly known by what name?	French troops put down the Camisard uprisings between what years?	Under what law is value of a worker determined?	Where did the spring meetings of the NFL owners take place?	In what city did the last Super Bowl in California occur?	How many prime numbers exist?	What organization is devoted to Jihad against Israel?	Other than for its resort feel, what is Palm Springs popular for?	In what year did Dewar experiment on liquid oxygen?	What were later Yuan emperors disinterested in?	What did the Zuider Zee brackish lagoon change into?	What natural phenomenon did Tesla create artificially? 	What is the southern region where protestants are concentrated?	What dynasties inspired the Chinese-like elements of Kublai's government?	What do a and b represent in a Gaussian integer expression? 	Where did Korea border Kublai's territory?	What does the original manuscript show?	What is the number of Constituency MSPs?	What is the average construction salary in the Middle East?	What project did Leonard Goldenson offer to invest in before the Canadian Radio-Television Commission ruled against ABC?	What do photocytes produce?	What did Watt add to Newcomen's engine between 1763 and 1775?	What degree did Martin Luther receive on 19 October, 1512?	When was the FSO Car Factory founded?	Approximately how many British oil paintings does the museum have?	Were Tesla's experiments high-voltage or low-voltage?	When were most of the places of religious worship destroyed in Warsaw?	Ciliary rosettes pump water into what to control buoyancy?	What is the name of San Francisco's stadium when looked at as a possibility for Super Bowl 50?	What does the phrase "taking coals to Newcastle" mean?	Who did the army siege belong to?	What party is President Kibaki part of?	What tribes were in Father Le Loutre's War?	How many schools and institutions does the church operate overseas?	What is an example of a parasite that used the antigenic variation strategy to evade destruction?	What person helped establish the school with a donation?	Who originally led the Space Task Group?	A column from which Moorish palace and fortress complex in Granada, Spain, is included in the V&A collection?	Where were Persians more successful compared to Chinese in the Yuan?	What might also be required of a teacher to pass, in addition to certification?	What two factors can generally increase a teacher's salary?	Who was Bill Aiken's adopted mother?	What court is able to interpret European Union law?	What did Microsoft announce that it would rename Sky Drive to?	When was Kublai's administration running out of money?	When was the final legislative proposals for a Scottish Assembly passed?	When did Luther write Wir glauben all an einen Gott?	Eicosanoids include what compounds that result in fever and blood vessel dilation?	What did Lavoisier perceive the air had lost as much as the tin had gained	When was Martin Luther born?	What country has the most illiterate adults in the world?	Warsaw's National Museum is one of the most what?	How many societal class divisions were in the plan Kublai rejected?	What was the subtitle of the Independence Day movie that had a trailer during the Super Bowl?	What gender are most species of Ctenophores?	What did Tesla's father originally want him to do?	Who designs both the "50" as well as the Trophy?	At what point does oxygen toxicity begin to happen?	What did Martin Luther's marriage allow?	In the 10th week of the 2015 season, what injury was Peyton Manning dealing with?	What is another name for any given measure of input associated with a problem?	What do astronaughts experience while in free-fall?	What types of health outcomes do pharmacists aim for with their patients?	What have the two different Islamist movements been described as oscillating between?	Along with marine engines and industrial units, in what machines was compounding popular?	Where did Tesla and Twain hang out?	Who did the attacks resonate most with?	Where according to gross state product does Victoria rank in Australia?	What show aired on CBS after late local programming?	What regions do the north-eastern part of the country boarder?	What  things did the network concentrate on 	What idea was Tesla a fan of?	What is the common coastal pleurobrachia called?	What is the enrollment of undergraduates at Harvard?	What characteristic identifies the French ancestry of some South Africans?	Which company owns ABC?	What did Luther expound happened to souls after death?	After 1945, what challenged the French empire?	How many degrees south did the Amazon rainforest reach from 66-34 Mya?	What kind of market is Kenya considered?	When did the Venetians take total control of Cyprus?	What is the Safair Rally known as?	What characteristic of oxygen causes it to form bonds with other elements?	What was the last name of the designers of Newcastle's library?	How many electorates does the State of Victoria have?	Which treaty provides that the European Union law be applied to metropolitan territories of member states?	What treaty took the place of constitutional treaty? 	What was the first television series to feature an openly gay character?	What is petrology?	Who was appointed Genghis Khan's successor?	What type of insect employs the use of prime numbers in its evolutionary strategy?	What famous composer used a Lutheran hymn in his work?	Who designed the ceiling and stained-glass windows of the Green Dining Room?	Who is the third riches man in America?	What stadium did Super Bowl 50 take place in?	The Sunday Service of the Methodists in North America was a revised version of what book?	How are eggs and sperm released?	What effect does trade with poorer countries have on the workers in richer countries?	Which sized cars were the least demanded cars in the crisis?	When was the Polish-Bolshevik war fought?	What kind of deprivation results in diminished immune response and lower antibody production?	What is the name of the museum and research center for Near Eastern studies, that is owned by the university?	What was Warsaw's population in 1901?	What can a principal make, if he/she works for a big school?	In experiments, a bridge of what element can be built between poles of a magnet?	Who was UPT forced to separate themselves from in 1949?	What do high levels of inequality  prevent beyond economic prosperity?	What is the power-to-weight ratio of a steam plant compared to that of an internal combustion engine?	In the fall quarter of 2014, how many students signed up for the university's professional schools?	How many member states adopted the Social Charter in 1989?	Who did play-by-play for the WBT broadcast?	In what year did ENR compile data in nine market segments?	What is another piece created by Olivier Messiaen?	Which train company provides local and regional services?	When did Marconi transmit similar signals to those Tesla received?	When was the article published?	What tends to lead to more money?	What production company produced the animated series The Flintstones for ABC?	What do rules about conflict of interest involving doctors diagnosing patients resemble?	What type of ballot is used to elect the Presiding Officer and deputies of the Parliament?	How many earthquakes does southern California experience in a year?	Who did the Panthers play to advance to the Super Bowl?	In lands attributed to what tribe are found remains of large settlements?	What did the increase in skilled workers lead to?	What was Tesla's father's name?	In which case did a German man claim the right to live in Netherlands where he was a volunteer plumber?	What had been left hanging on the door to Tesla's room?	What did John Dunn invent?	Who inspects the building periodically to ensure that the construction adheres to the approved plans and the local building code?	Approximately how many paintings comprise the museum's collections of South and South-East Asian art?	What can hurt a teacher's mental and physical health?	When do cash flow problems exist?	What did Alec Shelbrooke propose payments of benefits to be made on?	Against what does reactive oxygen play in plant defense?	How many Medieval Warm Period reconstructions were used?	On what show did Bill Aiken make is television debut?	When did Doctor Who win an award for Best Drama Series?	In what year did Tesla's father die?	Who responded to Lindzen's criticisms?	What was the incident over taxes at Ballarat called?	What reasons cause failure of the disobedience with authorities?	There are other categories for what?	What was the number of 17 interceptions that Peyton Manning had by end of the year?	What are the two symbols that signify pharmacy in English-speaking countries?	What amount of the worlds carbon is stored in the Amazon forest?	Where were populations centered in colonies?	What can be achieved without building high or getting rid of common areas?	The analysis of stratigraphic sections such as drill cores is done by who?	On what railroad was Salamanca used?	What does southern California have a reputation for?	What charter has become an important aspect of EU law?	What type of prime distribution is characterized about x/log x of numbers less than x?	What areas are pharmacy informatics prepared to work in?	What was Warsaw ranked the 7th greatest of?	What is chemical energy used to produce in plants?	What is consultant pharmacy mainly concerned with?	What did Kuznets argue resulted from stages of development?	What did he believe the ether did?	What is the magnitude of force divided by when external force is added?	Who commissioned the Gateshead Milennium Bridge?	Who was the quarterback for the Broncos 2015 season?	What movements pursued a more radical direction?	What was the final score of the AFC Championship Game?	What type of interpretation of Islam does Salafism promote?	What did the Church claim could be avoided with money?	What month and year was Apollo 13 launched?	What did Standard & Poor recommend to speed economy recovery?	What metal was used in Inalchuq's execution?	To what did Tesla attribute the unknown signals his radio received?	When was ABC1 discontinued because of low viewership?	In what year was the first geological map of the U.S. produced?	After Braddock died, who controlled North American British forces?	What general religious belief did the nations that received Huguenot refugees have in common?	What do beroids typically eat?	ABC aired symphony performances by what conductor?	What is the main defense mechanism of bacteria known as?	How many city officials were indicted due to corruption?	Why has Warsaw seen many improvements over the past decade?	What did Luther refuse to do?	Which NFL team won Super Bowl 50?	Did Tesla graduate from the university?	Plate tectonics can be seen as the intimate coupling between rigid plates on the surface of the Earth and what? 	Which museum was among those that loaned more modern works for the new sculpture galleries?	Who designed the iron gates that decorate the new entrance building?	What was Tampa's primary ABC affiliate prior to 1994?	What cancer researchers were also apart of the university's faculty?	What is usually the goal of taking a plea bargain?	What sort of continental sculptors are represented in the British Galleries of the V&A?	After the Dornbirner Ach was diverted, where does the Rhine flow now?	What service did BSkyB chare additional subscription fees for?	What was the ancestor of chloroplasts?	When economic inequality is smaller, more waste and pollution is?	What drew would-be Jacksonville tourists to other Florida destinations?	Which logo was used for the third Doctor Who's last season?	Who mapped the St. Johns River in 1562?	What are FtsZ1 and FtsZ2?	Disney-ABC Television group implemented restrictions for Hulu and WATCH ABC that made episodes available only after how many days after initial broadcast?	When did the 1973 oil crisis begin?	What prestigious legal scholars are faculty members at Harvard?	In what episode was the Fifth Doctor confirmed?	Was the Skylab assembled on Earth's surface or in space?	Where is the George W. Bush Presidential library?	What town was actually granted to the Huguenots on arrival?	What university won the award for Most IT enabled organisation?	What were casualties of battle?	Who else did Luther use violent rhetoric towards?	Who hosted the bandstand show debuted on ABC in 1957?	The Talbot Hughes collection was a gift from which company?	Other than the Automobile Club of Southern California, what other AAA Auto Club chose to simplify the divide?	When did he first get out of bed following the accident?	Who did Kubiak take the place of after Super Bowl XXIV?	What does the title Gür Khan mean?	How old are the fossils found that represent ctenophhores ?	How did the project encourage the commercialisation of legumes?	Who created an engine using high pressure steam in 1801?	Who presided over the assembly?	What modern math concept did Zhu Shijie do work similar to?	What was the name of the 1991 Doctor Who exhibition?	How old was John Elway when he played in Super Bowl XXXIII?	Who represents the Scottish Parliament at home and abroad in an official capacity?	How many stations did Boston have in 1952?	What introduces inequality to a country?	What planet seemed to buck Newton's gravitational laws?	Who was the War of Currents waged between? 	How many field goals did McManus kick in the game?	Which state has the largest number of members?	How early did Luther say he had to awaken every day?	What does  oxygen therapy promote the body to take up?	Who led the Kievian Rus' troops against Subutai's Mongol army?	What often affects or facilitates ease of analysis in computational problems?	Aside from oxides, what other compounds comprise a large portion of the Earth's crust?	The edict protected Catholics by discouraging what?	What is the area called where two plates move apart?	What was the Plos Pathogens paper about?	What type of outcomes can even stable markets lead to?	How are cyanobacteria sometimes wrongly described?	Of what was the Diet of Worms an assembly? 	The Los Angeles Clippers are a team belonging to which sport?	What percent of the global assets in 2000 were owned by just 1% of adults?	When did the Yuan begin using bronze printing plates for its money?	What part of Luther's career was one of his most productive?	Who did Martin Luther marry?	Who conducted this survey?	Although southern california consts of a heavily developed urban environment, how much of it has been left undeveloped?	What was the most important discovery that led to the understanding that Earth's lithosphere is separated into tectonic plates?	How long are students required to learn Welsh?	Whose activities were the French able to gain knowledge of?	In what year was direct ascent the primary mission focus at NASA?	Why did Vision 2030 add the NCCAP?	At the time of its formation, how many members did the UMC have?	Who led Richard's troops when Cyprus was conquered?	What river runs alongside Jacksonville?	What does the word prime generally suggest?	How many photographic plates comprise the Animal Locomotion collection?	Southern Californian communities are well known to be large, spread - out, and what other characteristic?	What kind of chloroplasts did diatoms have but lost?	What shows us lost chloroplasts?	Le grand states that students studying civil disobedience will often run into grammatical niceties and what other problem? 	When did the NFL announce that it would not use Roman numbers to designate the Super Bowl number?	What plants create most electric power?	Which uses of sculpture are represented in the collection?	What did the General Conference on Weights and Measures name after Tesla in 1960?	Rather than the fuel, what is oxygen to a fire?	How many miners died in the typhoid outbreak of 1854?	What was the date of Tesla's death?	What has crime rate been show to be correlated with in a society?	What was Konstantin Mereschkowski's career?	What do forces have with regard to additive quantities?	Who was this season's NFL MVP?	What was redesigned during the Apollo program being grounded during 1970?	How much did Tesla receive from the sale of Wardenclyffe?	Why do Islamists need democratic elections?	According to Ellen Churchill Semple what type of climate was necessary for humans to become fully human?	The success of the Britain Can Make It exhibition led to the planning of what exhibition in 1951?	Besides public key cryptography, what is another application for prime numbers?	How many representatives does each electorate have?	What happened to his lab?	What does the Armagnac manuscript in the V&A library archive depict?	What is the original meaning of the word Norman?	When Iqbal promoted ideas of greater Islamic political unity, what did he encourage ending?	Which Super Bowl, after the 50th one, will begin have Roman numerals in the title again?	What provided much of the basis for the structure of the Parliament in 1995?	Which Doctor was the current Doctor during the 50th Anniversary special?	The epidemic in Newcastle was the most what in any British city at the time?	 When was the Single European Act made?	About many students attend Kunskapsskolan schools?	IP and AM are most commonly defined by what type of proof system?	Where have herbivorous fishes been seen feeding on gelatinous zooplankton?	What type of correlation was used previously to help date rock formations?	The idea that Islam can be apolitical isn't able to be embraced by whom?	What light radiation does ozone absorb?	How many Americans are richer than more than half of all citizens?	What was Hero of Alexandria's nationality?	Who described a steam turbine in 1629?	On what theorem is the formula that frequently generates the number 2 and all other primes precisely once based on?	What increases rapidly as per capita income increases?	What is the name of the Delta in the Netherlands? 	What was the dual mission AS-258 a combination of?	Which performers joined the headliner during the Super Bowl 50 halftime show?	What commemorates Warsaw's heroic history?	Who was Tesla trying to photograph when he accidentally took the X-Ray image?	Where did the water in the Amazon Basin flow towards when moving west?	What is the name of the co-ed community service fraternity?	How much did the initial version of the SM weigh in pounds?	What components raise steam temperature above its saturated vapor point?	Who did Temüjin's mother adopt to help integrate the tribes he conquered?	What directly correlates with the country's economic performance and wealth distribution?	What Han Chinese leader defected to the Mongols?	What is being overhauled as part of the improvement works?	What is a criticism of online pharmacies that issue drugs without a prescription?	How were enemy prisoners used tactically by Mongol armies?	How many bodies did Public Health England exhume? 	What magnitude of earthquake can many faults produce?	After the merger of Disney-ABC Television group, ABC Studios, and ABC Entertainment, what was the resulting entity named?	What is an example of a pump component?	What can curtail the risk of occupational injuries in the construction industry?	Into what religion was Martin Luther baptized?	What is the break down of years at different level of education?	What Mongolian system did Kublai's government compromise with?	When did colonial governors meet with General Edward Braddock about attack on the french?	How many people lived in Warsaw in 1939?	Who suffered a broken arm in the NFC Championship Game?	In what year was it declared that no Roman numerals would be used in the name of the 50th Super Bowl?	What is the name for a response of the immune system that damages the body's native tissues?	How did the revocation restrict Huguenot travel?	What are private secondary schools in Germany called?	When was San Francisco voted to be the location for Super Bowl 50?	Who was the game's top receiver?	What is the term of office for each house member?	How many variants is the new ABC logo currently displayed in?	What type of engines does the American car typically have?	What other compensation did Tesla get from Westinghouse?	What is the term for the lack of obsevable free quarks?	How old was Manning at the beginning of the 2015 season?	Who served his dinner?	When does immunodeficiency occur?	Along with a desire for more steam pressure, what were early drivers looking to generate when they fastened safety valves down?	How many Medieval Warm Period reconstructions covered 1,000+ years?	How many scalar equations were formed into a set by James Maxwell?	How many days does the Council have to override the mayor's veto?	What does the lobata have pair of?	How many incarnations can a Time Lord have?	Who was Thomas Commerford Martin?	What workshop helped with the creation of the Doctor Who theme?	What was Ban Ki-Moon the Secretary General of?	Comb like bands of cilia are called what?	What department did Kublai create to train doctors?	Where does southern California's megalopolis standard in terms of population nationwide?	When did Disney-ABC Television group implement restrictions on Hulu and WATCH ABC to encourage live viewing?	How many people do historians estimate Genghis Khan killed in the Iranian Plateau?	What park is close to John Lennon street?	When the Rhine emerges from Lake Constance which way does it flow?	What is the most elemental way to test the primality of any integer n?	What are stators attached to?	What comedian is also a university graduate? 	What conviction motivated Eliot to move towards secularization?	the Great Internet Mersenne Prime Search, what was the prize for finding a prime with at least 10 million digits?	How did Luther show the Trinity in his catechisms?	At what age do immune responses typically begin to decline?	Who were the Westwood one color analysts?	Who was the Associate Administrator that Houbolt spoke with?	Who did the Mongols bring to China as administrators?	How many days does the Parliament have to nominate a First Minister after a General Election?	What type of revolution did Maududi advocate?	What happened in 1901?	How long is the section of the Rhine near Chur?	Name a type of Toyota compact trucks?	What causes triplet oxygen to react slowly?	What is one condition that an element p of R must satisfy in order to be considered a prime element?	What geochemist developed the uranium-lead dating method into lead-lead dating?	When did the Court of Justice rule that the Commission could only propose that there must be some criminal sanctions?	What type of mixture was created to replace the pure oxygen atmosphere inside the cabin?	Who oversees a Pharmacy Technician in the UK?	What is the subsystem that protects the human brain?	How are green chloroplasts' Plastoglobuli arranged?	What are alternate English spelling of Genghis?	These project structures allow the owner to integrate the services of who throughout the design and construction?	What are the two bodies that make up the European Union's legislature?	Which theory suggested people in the tropics were uncivilized?	Which channels did Frank Marx think would be requisitioned by the U.S. Army?	To calculate instant angular acceleration of a rigid body what would you use?	What makes plants green?	The Mission Council usually consists of whom?	How many people could the Mercury capsule hold?	There is a public database of epitopes for pathogens known to be recognizable by what cells?	When did representatives start working on the finer details of the deal?	What was th elast Super Bowl where the Broncos wore white uniforms?	Where does the livestock of the country normally dominate?	What crime drama debuted on ABC in September 1994?	What did Lempicka represent better than anyone else?	What type of motivators are food and shelter considered?	In what series was the Master reintroduced?	To where were the belongings taken?	What kind of markets did NBC Red serve?	What did Luther call  the consecrated bread and wine?	Haeckelia prey mostly on what animal?	What president eliminated the Christian position in the curriculum?	Who hired Tesla in New York?	Whose army liberated Warsaw in 1806?	What shape are granal thylakoids?	How did the drive end for the Panthers?	What is one way to use pure speech to reach as much people as possible to protest?	How old were the fossils found in China?	What percentage of New Zealand students attended private schools in April 2014?	What Denver player had 109 tackels for the 2015 season?	European imperialism was focused on what?	The Center in Paris is located near what river?	What types of recordings at Johnson Space Center were used to help restore the original tapes?	What is the name of the stadium where Super Bowl 50 was played?	How big are phycobilisomes?	In which etude of Neumes rythmiques do the primes 41, 43, 47 and 53 appear in?	What type of curricula is it that a teacher may likely follow?	When was the FCC's sixth report and order released?	What process down the line does rubisco's flaw interfere with?	How quickly is the sea level rising?	When was the first direct elections for native Kenyans?	Under normal conditions, what do two atoms of oxygen form?	When did the Plos Pathogens paper come out?	Who ordained the first Methodist clergy?	When did BSkyB launch it's HDTV service?	How many primary affiliates did ABC have in 1954?	What is the Dutch name for the Rhine?	What does the Fogg Museum of Art cover?	What is the English translation of Kunskapsskolan?	What is held outside the formal legal ownership registration system in many developing countries?	For a field F containing 0 and 1, what would be the prime field?	What can significantly contribute to the continuing inequality in a society over time?	What are among the most well known experiments in structural geology? 	Europe first colonized the Americas, then Asia, but what continent was third?	What is one reason a patient might choose an internet pharmacy?	What plans of the British did this attach on Oneida Carry set back?	What are cilia used for?	What actress plays the female Master?	Where is Genghis Khan's presumed to have been delivered?	Who attempted to arrange a compromise?	Who was Chairman of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations?	Who holds the record for largest simulcast of a TV drama?	What did people vote the Doctor Who series as in a 2011 online vote?	What were steam engines used as a source of?	How many casualties did British get?	What was the 2007 episode that featured the Master's return?	What did ABC contribute to the 20th anniversary special?	Who are committees comprised of?	Who was brought it to work on the museum after the death of Captain Francis Fowke?	What does refusing to preach the Ten Commandments not do?	Which tree species is planted in the two corners by the north facade?	What else did Tesla do for work at this time?	From whence did Luther want to expel the Jews?	What entity is created if the three different institutions cannot come to a consensus at any stage?	In 2009 what was the total of Grants awarded from Harvard?	how long did Tesla spend redesigning the motor and generators?	What is the present-day location of this church?	What trading company helped settle Huguenots near the Cape?	Why is majority rule used?	Where did the congregation at St. George's initially meet in 1767?	What army did Warsaw successfully defend itself against?	What skin-related symptom appears from the pneumonic plague?	Changes in rainfall reduced what kind of vegetation cover in the Amazon basin?	Who first showed that Newton's Theory of Gravity was not as correct as another theory?	Which work of Luther's is effective in teaching children?	What is the name of the residential treatment program the university runs?	When did they raise the price of oil to $5.11?	How high on the charts did the Mankind version of the theme go?	How many times can a Time Lord regenerate?	When was Luther examined at Augsburg by the papal legate?	What was President Kennedy put off by regarding the space program?	In 1979, during the oil crisis, what was the highest price of oil?	In what years did Doctor Who originally show on TV?	What happens after the lead melts?	What is considered the Mother Church of American Methodism?	Where can population estimates be extrapolated from?	What may be named after a biblical figure?	Cities that anchor the regions are often the hub for what kind of activity?	Along with non-governmental and nonstate schools, what is another name for private schools?	What does chlorophyll absorb?	How many Muslims came from around the world to fight in Afghanistan?	Along with internal combustion engines, what machines have superseded steam in some areas?	How much of the protein products of transferred genes don't go back to chloroplasts?	Which rail line operates in Melbourne?	What type of authority do Sudbury schools prefer?	How many fraternities form the University of Chicago Interfraternity Council?	What Swiss city was the center of the Calvinist movement?	The receptors on a killer T cell must bind to how many MHC: antigen complexes in order to activate the cell?	What does the acronym FIS stand for?	Whose pass to Jerricho Cotchery was ruled incomplete?	Maududi believed that Islam needed what to be established?	What is the name of the supposition that there are infinite pairs of primes whose difference is 2?	Why was the Dalek script rejected at first?	On what date did ESPN Deportes announce their deal with CBS and the NFL?	Who were the first two actors that played Doctor Who?	When were theories developed suggesting inequality may have some positive effect on economic development?	What is the largest ctenophore?	What was the name of the 2007 Christmas special?	What has the tendency to increase wages in a field or job position?	Approximately how many British watercolours are in the V&A collection?	How was it suggested that the IPCC avoid political problems?	Where was the Charles Porter steam engine indicator shown?	What are two factors that directly effect how powerful a Turing machine may or may not be?	What has increased sediment and delta growth also produced in the Rhine?	In 1893, who won the bid to light the World's Columbian Exposition?	What did Hamas win in the January 2006 legislative election?	According to agreement between Iroquois and British, where was a strong house to be built?	What is a term for schools that receive government assistance?	What did he do to his feet at night?	Where was the 1857 riot?	What building was a gift from the Soviet Union?	Who is the primary rival of the Harvard Crimson hockey team?	What do the Animal Locomotion photographs capture?	What do some Mongolians feel non-Mongolian historians exaggerate about Genghis Khan?	Why is the current sea level rising?	What factors negatively impacted Jacksonville following the war?	What year did BSkyB and Virgin Media have a dispute over the carriage of Sky Channels on cable TV?	Why did the police bring Tesla back to Gospic?	What type of heating element is often used in toy steam engines?	What Chinese era name did Kublai adopt?	What do clinical pharmacists often participate in?	What type of wages do people unable to afford an education receive?	What was Kenneth Swezey's job?	How much do ctenophore eat in a day?	What was the capital of Khwarezmia before the Mongol invasion?	Which country's invasion show the insecurity of the Middle East?	How many NFL teams have finished the regular season with one loss?	Where would profits go in this new company?	What position does Jerricho Cotchery play?	How much Victorian farmland is farmed in grains?	Who did Genghis Khan assign as his successor?	What was Henry IV known as before taking the throne?	By what method did Maududi want to change the hearts and minds of individuals?	Who revolted in the Ispah Rebellion?	Along with mills and mines, in what industrial locations did steam drive machines?	What year did the storm hit Richard's fleet?	After Apollo missions 18 and 19 were cancelled, what happened to the Saturn Vs that were never used?	After rejecting compulsory confession, what did Luther call for?	How many teams have had a 15-1 record for the regular season?	What is the name of the gallery devoted to Chinese art?	Who captured and held Temüjin prisoner around 1177?	What did Genghis Khan expect from his generals alongside the autonomy he granted them?	What is one problem with internet pharmacies?	Who filed an objection to the BBC using the blue police box in Doctor Who merchandise?	How is civil disobedience typically defined in connection of the citizen's?	What type of steam engine produces most electricity in the world today?	Which company provided streetcar connections between downtown and the hospital?	What are more common in other plastids than chloroplasts?	Along with solar, coal and nuclear, what sort of plants notable use the Rankine process?	What did France offer that was rare by imperial standards?	What tactic did researchers employ to offset the former deficit of work surrounding the complexity of algorithmic problems?	To which year has the Antwerp City Hall doors in the V&A collection been dated?	Is fertilization  internal or exeternal in most species?	What Egyptian president jailed thousands of members of the Brotherhood?	What kind of system of infection involves inserting a hollow tube into a host cell?	Students build stronger relationships with what type of teachers?	What are the three main sources of European Union law?	When did Zwilling and Karistadt become active at Wittenberg?	What does zhèng mean?	What was Zia-ul-Haq's official state ideology?	What would be needed to host a larger population?	What can an enthusiastic teacher be to a young student?	What was causing New France to have issues with resupplying?	What way do some people perform civil disobedience in a constructive way?	Who ruled the duchy of Normandy	During which years was no census taken?	What was the name of the first successful credit card?	What well known political scientists are currently on the university's faculty?	What Jewish practice did the Yuan ban?	What is one variable on which the running time may be contingent?	What Doctor Who actor won a Best Actor award in 2012?	What is the approximate turbine entry temperature of a gas turbine?	In 2005, approximately how many members were in the UMC?	Messiaen says that composition with prime numbers was inspired by what?	What has the United Nations designed ISIL?	What did Kllbrandon's report in 1973 recommend establishing?	What Australian channel shows first-run Doctor Who episodes?	When was Marconi's radio demonstration?	What is the derivative of an object's changing momentum called?	What ended Turkish imperial Ambitions?	Who, according to the text, caused Cam Newton to lose the ball during a tackle?	Who was chairman of the House Science Committee?	What is the potential earnings for a job where there are few skilled workers but many available positions?	When did DFDS terminate its services to Norway?	What is the foundation for separation results within complexity classes?	When did Luther appeared before the Diet of Worms?	What is the name of the largest university press in the U.S?	What is the term used to identify a deterministic Turing machine that has additional random bits?	When have Lutheran Churches repudiated Luther's statements about the Jews?	How many sacks did Derek Wolfe register?	What was notable about the butterflies?	What do nuclear power plants heat to create electricity?	Who first fully explained the origins of magnetic and electric fields?	What did the conflict galvanize Muslims around the world to do?	What stretched across middle Europe in the last ice age?	Prior to Super Bowl 50, when were the Carolina Panthers last there?	What did the Hamas charter uncompromisingly encourage?	What advancements besides military technology did Europe achieve?	What are some large pharmacy management companies?	Constitutional impasse is distinct from what key term? 	What is another notable university in Warsaw after the University of Warsaw?	How many of Warsaw's inhabitants spoke Polish in 1933?	How old was Chopin when he moved to Warsaw with his family?	Who is the founder of the Salvation Army?	A replica of what landmark was present at Super Bowl Opening Night?	What is a fundamentalist interpretation of Islam called?	Which company was given permission to air TV commercials during Super Bowl 50 at a discounted price?	What would a parent have to pay to send their child to a boarding school in 2012?	What is a D-loop?	What are examples of clinical services that pharmacists can provide?	Who did Peyton Manning complete an 18 yard pass to on the opening drive?	Is a problem instance typically characterized as abstract or concrete?	What types of pumps are typically used in industrial boilers?	Where might the doctor's self-interest be at odds with the patient's self-interest?	Whose society portraits from the late 19th to early 20th centuries does the V&A hold?	The Skylab had what type of equipment onboard that was supposed to be used in a different mission?	What Peanuts special is Halloween-themed?	When did Ribault first establish a settlement in South Carolina?	What did Luther do during Lent at this time?	In what type of water does oxygen dissolve more slowly?	What form do complex Gaussian integers have? 	How much gun powder was destroyed in attack?	What distinguishes granal thylakoids?	Which section of the Rhine is most factories found?	What is referred to as the Diamond Strip?	Who identified gravity as a force?	Where does the gold in the parliamentary mace come from?	What company developed the most successful steam engine indicator?	What does AC stand for?	Where was there a weakness in British supply chain?	Who is the mayor of San Francisco?	What does Phosphorylation do?	When did Tesla depart Graz?	On what date was the record low temperature in Fresno?	What was the Presidential Working Party on the Second University commissioned to do?	What eponymous variation of arithmetic presents a decision problem not evidenced in P?	By what means is bulk oxygen shipped?	Who was the mayor of San Francisco during Super Bowl 50? 	The amazon rainforest became a mostly inland forest around which global event?	In the Rankine cycle, in what state is the working fluid received in the condenser?	What do Plastoglobuli exchange contents with?	What does a U.S. census report state that even after other factors there still exists this between earnings of men and women?	Who was replaced by Kubiak in Super Bowl XXIV?	What was the Seven Years War?	What holiday coincided with the first showing of series two?	What is the governing committee  that voted in favor of a proposal that would permit ministers to officiate same-sex weddings?	What rates of health and social problems are in countries with high inequality?	Who is viewed as the first modern geologist?	What is preschool required for?	When were the shortcomings of Aristotle's physics overcome?	What charity benefited from the 30th anniversary show?	Who wrote "The Hidden Prosperity of the Poor"?	Who conquered much of England after the end of Roman imperial rule?	What is another name for State Route 168?	What former MVP was shown in the locker room?	What did Tesla work as after dropping out? 	What other clashes were involved in taking Louisbourg?	How is oxygen produced from carbon dioxide on the other planets of the solar system?	How many naval bases are located in Jacksonville?	What is the term for the original Aboriginal people of Victoria?	What characteristic due most items display after burning?	Why did Confucians like the medical field?	How long will the event at Santa Clara Convention Center last?	In what year was the school renamed as Harvard College?	What is the opposite of an ongoing role of teaching?	What are the two principal Asian-American groups living in the west side neighborhood of Fresno?	What city is tied with Miami for hosting the Super Bowl?	When is the earliest Britain had an imperialist policy?	What area has become attractive for restaurants?	How many large public parks does Fresno have?	When was the Ottoman empire at its height?	Who designed The Forest tapestry in the V&A collection?	What type of hypersensitivity is associated with allergies?	What are chloroplasts in mesophyll cells specialized for?	What type of degree must a teacher have, at a minimum?	When did ABC first premiere Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?	Evidence for what types of structures were found in 2003?	How many academic research divisions does the University of Chicago have?	When did Great Britain claim Australia? 	Thousands of madrasahs spawned what organization?	What do other smaller venues of Newcastle tend to feature?	What is the famous rock near Sanke Goarshausen?	What is a common punishment in the UK and Ireland?	What were the three parts of Kublai's government?	What was the term Kennedy used to show that America was falling behind the Soviet Union due to inactivity in space programs?	What was the name of the storm that hit Jacksonville in May of 2012?	What material's weight gain during rusting was an early clue that philogiston theory was wrong?	What UN resolution endorsed the IPCC?	What did Johann Eck call Luther?	What happens to the norm when a number is multiplied by p?	What makes DNA vulnerable to deamination?	Who was the first Warsaw President?	What else was publically questioned?	Which task force states that pornography is harmful?	By separating faith and reason, what does Luther honor?	The 4 sales and service centers are viewed as 	Why did the European nations and Japan separated themselves from United States during the crisis?	What country has a problem with classroom discipline, even though scores on tests are high?	What does the Premier of Victoria need to lead in the Legislative Assembly? 	When did Lev's Stadium open?	What globally popular half marathon began in 1981?	When was the great plague of London?	What is tertiary education?	What is Nexus?	When did the second edition of Gasquet's book come out?	What is PPP?	The oil crisis caused oil companies to increase oil supplies in which area?	Were the restored tapes able to have color added to them to enhance the picture or did they remain black and white?	How many yards did Newton throw for in 2015?	What does the inability to separate Islam from Islamism lead many in the West to support?	Where was Melanchthon at the time?	What is a commonly used measurement used to determine the complexity of a computational problem?	After asking if the books were his, what else did Eck ask Luther?	What do apicoplasts synthesize?	What made Luther even more short tempered than usual?	What was the only region in Europe not conquered by the Germanic tribes?	Which animal's venom did Pierre-Louis Moreau de Maupertuis work with?	Whose trains serve destinations in Yorkshire?	What was the forerunner of the modern-day IEEE?	What night did ABC move Ugly Betty to in an attempt to boost the series ratings?	Where did Marin build first fort?	Who initially took over as president of Capital Cities/ABC after Daniel Burke left?	What is another term used for year 13?	How many touchdowns did Manning throw in the game?	What company had a contest to win a free Super Bowl commercial?	What Doctor Who spin-off only made it as far as a pilot episode?	When was Otto von Bismarck born?	When did the Spanish and Portuguese colonies gain their independance.	What types of programs help to redistribute wealth?	Who stated a change of the length of the Rhine?	What country showed all three episodes of Silver Nemesis before the BBC did?	In what country was a full-scale working railway steam locomotive first invented?	What has recently undergone extensive restoration?	In what year did the FCC vote for the Financial Interest and Syndication Rules?	What was the base rate for a 30-second ad during Super Bowl 50?	Why is it difficult to resolve disagreements about the changes in the Amazon rainforest?	How much was the emergency aid to Israel?	What role does John Elway currently have in the Broncos franchise?	What do chloroplasts use to fix carbon dioxide into sugar?	Who had a 12-yard rush on this drive?	What did Warsz own?	What force acts on an object suspended on a spring scale in addition to gravity?	Time and space are both examples of what type of resource?	The immune system protects organisms against what?	What will be obtained as part of longer term plans for improvements to Newcastle's train system?	What is the youngest student a teacher might have?	What happened to most of Tesla's work from this time?	How did the Yuan come to have the 4 schools of medicine?	A strike by what entity resulted in a halt to production for network programs in the 2007-2008 season?	Who was Kublai Khan's grandfather?	Since Thoreau was not a well known writer what happened when he was arrested?	What type of arts flourished in the Yuan?	What type of antenna was used for communication on the lunar flights?	In what state is the largest Huguenot Society located?	What victory symbols did the Mongols build on the plains outside Samarkand?	To which year is the Gloucester Candlestick dated?	Who may change the date by up to a month, on the proposal of the PO?	What art forms did Luther use to connect his hymns?	Which group keep the eggs are fertilized and kept inside the parent's body until they hatch?	When did the Iranian government enjoy something of a resurgence?	What denomination operates St Joseph's College?	Who did Rollo sign the treaty of Saint-Clair-sur-Epte with?	What does the UN want to stabilize?	How many major bus stations are in the city of Newcastle?	When was the scale to measure the Rhine introduced? 	What is different about Cyanidioschyzon merolæ?	What was the teacher's role while the child was with them?	Approximately how many items are in the glass collection of the V&A?	Communication complexity is an example of what type of measure?	When was the Battle of Hastings?	What player punched the ball in from the 2?	Whose control of the UK's government helped fuel a desire for a Scottish Parliament?	How much water does the Aare give to the Rhine?	What song did Coldplay and Beyoncé collaborate on for the Super Bowl 50 halftime show?	When did Tesla enroll in Austrian Polytechnic?	What difficulties was Shirly having?	Who recorded "Walking in Fresno?"	What were the names of Tesla's new partners?	Who invented a high-pressure steam engine around 1800?	Who did the keelmen live with in a tight-knight community east of Newcastle?	How do cestids swim?	When did Germany invade Poland and in doing so start World War II?	When an activated killer T cell finds cells where the MHC 1 receptor has specific antigens, it releases cytotoxins such as what?	Who was the first person to play the Master?	Who was the NFL Commissioner in early 2012?	What scientist told the French Academy of Sciences that he had found how to liquefy oxygen?	Which Broncos player intercepted Newton on the Panthers' next set of downs?	How many tons does the Hereford Screen weigh?	Whose portrait by François Clouet was included in the Jones bequest of 1882?	What part of France were the Normans located?	The "50" given to the Super Bowl winner is plated with how many karats of gold?	What gave its name to the 1980s music television program "The Tube"?	What religion did the French spread along with their imperialism? 	What does colonialism lack that imperialism has?	What Senate committee did Singer speak to in July 2000?	Under what treaty can the European Commission take action against member states?	What is the weight of a bushel of coal in pounds?	What has the highest impact on wealth accumulation and the resulting income inequality?	Where were interviews held while the parliament was in its temporary building?	What did did article 34 discriminate against in Procureur du Roi v Dassonville?	What team di the Broncos tie a Super Bowl record for in sacks?	What is a typical name for learning that is not inside of the classroom?	What is the name of the turf used in Levi's Stadium for the Super Bowl?	Antibodies transported from the mother to an infant via the placenta is an example of what type of short-lived immunity?	What historical figure was Jacksonville named after?	Which country had trading posts in India before Britain?	What is the largest type of misconduct being reviewed by the media?	Where did most chloroplasts come from?	Which German architect was asked to produce a design for the museum?	What type of flower is sought on Midsummer's Eve?	Who headlined the halftime show for Super Bowl 50?	What does matter actually have that Newtonian mechanics doesn't address?	How do co-teachers work with each other to fulfill the needs of students?	The Cast Courts display plaster casts of what objects?	Who is the commissioner of the NFL?	If the apparant force of two fermions is repulsive, what is the spin function?	What implication can be derived for P and NP if P and co-NP are established to be unequal?	Who is currently speaker of the Scottish Parliament?	What was the goal of Braddock's expedition?	Who increased British military resources in colonies?	What is a common occurrence during summer days?	What did the network install in 1999	How cold does this region of Victoria get in the winner?	What type of defense is sometimes used in court by protestors?	What is the name of the Chairman of the Board of Trustees?	When did Khan formally declare the Yuan dynasty?	The Central Pacific Railroad established a station for its new line in what year?	What network approached Walt Disney about producing color broadcasts of his anthology series?	What publication printed that the wealthiest 1% have more money than those in the bottom 90%?	How many barrels of oil is it estimated Kenya has?	What did Martin Brecht call Luther's stand on the Jews?	Who has composed the Doctor Who incidental music since 2005?	The integer factorization problem essentially seeks to determine if the value of of an input is less than what variable? 	What is a quarter of Warsaw filled with?	Where would the Launch Operations Center be located, as more land was needed for a bigger rocket?	What is an example of a mechanical barrier on leaves?	What can be seen between hadrons?	What happened to Apollo 13?	Jochi's death occurred in what year?	What was the name of the approved measure that helped cover the cost of major city projects?	Some of the museum's collection of Korean boxes are inlaid with what objects?	When was Richard Grainger actively building and developing?	What is the name given to the input string of a computational problem?	When was the last plague outbreak?	Who backed policies that have solutions that sound good but have poor prospects?	What position does DeMarcus currently play? 	What is the common term for the loss of key members of French society to Huguenot emigration?	What is the term for a hyperactive immune system that attacks normal tissues?	What certificate is often earned after graduating high school?	Who would Begter have married when he came of age?	Ctenophora are less complex than which other phylum?	What conditions must be met for a prescription for a controlled substance to be valid?	High pressure steam engines were small enough that they could be used in what application?	How long was each Doctor Who episode in the 2005 revival series (including ads)?	From what country did the first person in space come from?	What came into force after the new constitution was herald?	Who introduced the first system of education?	Who is the publisher of the Doctor Who Adventures magazine?	What is a prasinophyte?	What was the name of the single that Coldplay and Beyoncé collaborated on?	What ethnicity was Shi Tianze?	What earlier market did the Grainger Market replace?	What is an example of illegal disobedience?	What are some examples of undesirable end results of a project?	How many people may have lived in the Amazon region during AD 1500?	Which entity is the secondary legislative body?	Which study showed double the rate of anxiety?	What provides a solution to a list of integers provided as input that ned to be sorted?	What is the name of the holding company for BSkyB?	For about how long would the extended LM allow a surface stay on the moon?	How are ergänzungsschulen funded?	How many Saturn V rockets were produced by NASA during the Apollo project?	What was the concept of force an integral part of?	Which conference do the teams in southern California play in?	Who deployed its army into Afghanistan in 1979?	The Asante and Lunda Empires were in which region?	How many men older than 18 are there for every 100 women?	Which Carolina Panthers wide receiver suffered a torn ACL before the season began?	How much does the services sector contribute to GDP?	Who disliked the affiliate program?	Who were the ESPN Deportes commentators for Super Bowl 50?	What is the German term for segregating students based on their parents' wealth?	How did trying to establish a devolved Scottish Assembly go in 1979?	Who killed Harold II? 	What element makes up almost half of the earth's crust by mass?	What group killed thousands of Huguenots?	Assuming p is a prime other than 2 or 5, then, according to Fermat's theorem, what type of decimal will 1/p always be?	What are colloblasts?	What was the the movement called that brought Baltic countries independence from the Soviet Union?	How many square kilometers is the Amazon Basin?	How long was the broadcast delay the first time the series premiered?	What ended up being used for the streetcars in the place of Tesla's system?	Where has the official home of the Scottish Parliament been since 2004?	How old was Tesla when he wrote that he'd completed his dynamic theory of gravity?	What did Luther begin to experience in 1536?	Which articles state that powers stay with member states unless they've been conferred?	What did Luther think was the only source of knowledge of God?	What city has the biggest port in Germany?	What have some plants repurposed the peptidoglycan layer genes for?	The French and Indian War was the New World aspect of what European conflict?	What generally dictates the construction materials used?	What was another use for the weapon?	In 2011, who was the first player to be chosen in the NFL draft?	Which conjecture holds that every even integer n greater than 2 can be expressed as a sum of two primes?	By what year was selling children into slavery common among the Mongols?	What is included with each packet label	In which Middle Eastern country is Genghis Khan's title a popular name for male children?	Where did water to the east of the Amazon drainage basin flow towards?	What are the main sources of primary law?	Inflammation occurs during sleep times because of the presence of what molecule?	In which year was the Animal Locomotion collection created?	What other doctrines did Luther disavow about saints?	In 1758 what was duc de Choiseul's plan for focused military efforts?	What is the United Methodist Church?	Who did Tesla partner with in 1886?	Who was Jacksonville's mayor at the time of the consolidation?	What number did early Greeks not regard as a true number?	What dynasty did Zhang Rhou help attack?	What schools do preparatory schools prepare British children to attend?	How many hymns did Luther write for the first choral hymnal?	What did the last few of the boilerplate CSM launches carry with them?	How much Saharan dust remains in the air over the Amazon each year?	What does the 9 +3 pattern of cilia thought to do?	Sophocles demonstrated civil disobedience in a play that was called?	In what part of the United States did many students migrate to Christian academies during the desegregation period?	There are direct contractual links between who?	What influences chloroplasts' behavior?	Whose 1758 portrait by François Boucher was part of Jones bequest?	Which Germans could understand the language Luther used?	When did WLS launch a lineup of ABC radio programs?	What kind of destruction did the 1994 earthquake cause the most of in US history?	In what language was most of the statement written? 	Under what treaty can the European Commission take action against member states?	What other health issues did Luther have?	Who did Tesla try to get money from?	Who previously held the record for being the oldest quarterback to play in a Super Bowl?	Because speakers are drawn from across Scotland, what do the represent the balance of?	What councils assign tasks to the IPCC?	how many yards did Newton get for passes in the 2015 season?	What type of approaches for primary school are available that are different than the norm?	Who often plays the Fourth Doctor in comedy parodies?	Who helped pay for the university's first building structure? 	Where is English spoken the most?	Who is to blame for acting unjustly?	When did Augustus die?	What was the effect of the housing crash on the region?	Who released a disco version of the Doctor Who theme?	What is floridean?	Which Mongol leader completed the conquest of Kievan Rus'?	What did the Edict do for Huguenots in France?	Prior to Manning, who was the oldest quarterback to play in a Super Bowl?	Which is more costly, formal, or informal imperialism?	What helps to unleash the productivity ability of the poor?	How man volumes does the The University of Chicago Library system hold?	Why did the Methodist Protestant Church split from the Methodist Episcopal Church?	How big was the Vertical Assembly Building?	When did Levi's stadium open to the public? 	What British cultural trend during the Georgian is linked to design during the same period?	Who discovered that magnetic and electric could self-generate?	When was the paper published that the "Millennial Northern Hemisphere temperature reconstruction" graph was based on?	Where is the largest number of tourist coming from?	What brought the downfall of Jacksonville filmmaking?	In 2009, Disney reached an agreement to buy what percentage stake in Hulu?	Where do plenary meetings take place?	What consequence of establishing the Scottish Parliament applies to Scottish MPs sitting in the UK House of Commons?	When did Tesla become friends with Viereck?	How great were the losses suffered in the the financial crisis of 2008-09 to Harvard endowment?	Where was the Rhine regulated with an upper canal?	In what year was the 20th Anniversary special aired?	What kind of chloroplasts do cryptophytes have?	Who besides Woodrow Wilson himself had the idea for the inquiry?	When did a Charlie Brown Christmas debut?	Along with electric motors, what power sources overtook steam engines in the 20th century?	When did ABC begin broadcasting the Miss America Pageant?	When were the Financial Interest and Syndication Rules repealed?	What did Luther establish as a worship service in his church?	According to the Princeton Review where has Harvard ranked as a "Dream College" in 2013	In what time frame did Tesla weigh almost exactly the same amount?	Where did many Spanish Catholic move after British takeover in Florida?	By when did the Germanic tribes conquer the Celtic peoples?	What is the typical working fluid in a steam engine?	What leads to lower income inequality?	When did ABC first start?	How was the fate of Luther decided?	What was the trend of female student population from 1970s and deyond?	For how long did Tesla receive this compensation?	Who took the throne after Kusala's death?	How are the galleries overlooking the garden arranged?	To force Japan to be more involved in the crisis, what did Saudi and Kuwaiti government do?	Common Sense Realism of what Scottish philosophers did Agassiz incorporate in his dual view of knowedge?	What parts of the original Catholic mass did Luther leave out of  his new mass?	This network influenced  later models of 	Antigone was a play made by whom?	What cycle AC current system did Tesla propose?	What year did the first manned Apollo flight occur?	Where does the largest part of Kenya's power come from?	Who was Warsz?	When was Apollo 6, or AS-502, tested?	Who gave Genghis Khan the title Khadan?	What is the atomic number for oxygen?	How did Celeron handle meeting with Old Briton?	What is the Mongolian spelling of Genghis Khan?	What type of living does cycling promote?	How many tackles did Von Miller get during the game?	What profession did Martin's father want his son to pursue?	Though Turabi proclaimed his support for the democratic process, he strictly applied what after coming into power?	What finite hierarchy implies that the graph isomorphism problem is NP-complete? 	By how much did Harvard management reduce its South Africa holdings in response to pressure?	What can chloroplasts change into?	Who wants a more confrontational type of discipline?	What is the name of the desert city?	Who pointed out that the passage under dispute actually refers to a living man?	What club won 118 tournaments and 15 national championships?	What level of economic mobility does the U.S. economy have compared to European countries?	What type of forested areas can be found on the highest terrace?	Of what were materials that left little residue thought to contain?	At what pressure is water heated in the Rankine cycle?	When was the Special Report on Managing Risks of Extreme Events and Disasters to Advance Climate Change Adaptation (SREX) issued?	How many people per square mile lived in Fresno in 2010?	Where was the Archangel Michael shrine located?	Who was the leader of the Khwarezmian dynasty in the early 1200s?	What is the largest stadium in Australia?	What status has the Brotherhood obtained in the Islamic world?	What do most platyctenida have on their aboral surface?	What story was the first Doctor Who audio release based on?	Where was the Summer Theatre located?	What did Roland Bainton say about Luther's position on Jews?	What did Luther explain about acquiring God's grace?	Some in the UMC feel that false ecumenism might result in what?	In an adjustable spring-loaded valve, what needs to be broken to allow an operator to tamper with it?	What percentile of gross domestic product is construction comprised of?	What do etioplasts' internal membranes have?	Who constructed Newcastle's station?	How high are Victoria's alpine regions?	Why should disobedience by the general public be avoided?	What kind of economy does Victoria have?	In which year did John Forster bequeathed his large collection of books to the museum?	What area in South Africa accepted Huguenot colonists?	What Newcastle radio station is based at the Great North Children's Hospital?	What was result of French attack of trading centre?	How much support does evidence provide for the view that labor-market flexibility improves labor-market outcomes?	If a matter is not specifically reserved, who is it devolved to?	What was the cost of the other Super Bowl events in the San Francisco area?	What changes the mineral content of a rock?	Who build the major port city in Kenya?	The use of what device represented the last major evolution of the steam engine?	Who was in charge of the papal army in the War of Barbastro?	What topic do private bills typically have?	In what theory is the idea of a number exchanged with that of an ideal?	How many Frenchman won Battle of Carillon?	What could inverted repeats help do?	What was the significance of victory at Forth Niagara for British?	What policy did Stalin implement shortly after Lenin's Death?	Who is the only quarterback to win a Super Bowl with two teams?	In what year did Savery patent his steam pump?	In what year was the charter granted for Harvard Corporation?	What entity sparked the growth of Fresno Station?	What grew on a global scale as a result of imperialism?	What profession are Cany Ash and Robert Sakula?	Many changes in the vegetation of the amazon rainforest took place since the  Last Glacial Maximum, which was how many years ago?	What do some civil disobedient people feel the need to acknowledge.	What physical condition can acute oxygen toxicity cause?	What was the most recent Super Bowl hosted in the South Florida/Miami area?	When using a probabilistic algorithm, how is the probability that the number is composite expressed mathematically?	What has allowed for the Savanna region to expand into the tropics?	What is the current main judicial body of the EU?	What does high levels of inequality do to growth in poor countries?	Who headlined the Super Bowl 50 halftime show?	Whose writings were widely quoted by the Third Reich?	How does cooling of the local environment affect the mnemiopsis?	How many intercollegiate sports does Harvard compete in NCAA division I	What did Neoclassical economics view the inequality in the distribution of income as being from?	What is the lower canal regulation of the Rhine?	A teacher's spark may create a spark where?	What is the name of the program that provides contracting work to local companies?	Who played a part in the development of radar in France?	When did the Normans attack Dyrrachium?	What did some of the Islamist groups supported by the West later become to be seen as?	Where was the centrifugal governor first observed by Boulton?	Who designed the Entrance Hall and Rotunda?	There are two of what type of institution in Newcastle?	What did Luther insist was present in the bread and wine?	How did the 2001 IPCC report compare to reality on sea levels?	What type of text is the Quran?	Who was appointed to be ABC's president by Noble in 1950?	What type of actions are taken sometimes in civil disobedience?	How are the compounds that contain oxygen considered in commerce?	What year did TVOntario start showing Doctor Who episodes?	What function is related to prime numbers?	When did this attempt take place?	How many students were enrolled in public schools in Victoria?	What kind of problems are one of the main topics studied in computational complexity theory?	What fixed set of factors determine the actions of a deterministic Turing machine	When did Tesla make these claims?	Where does Khomeini's beliefs fall as compared to Mawdudi and Qutb?	Which one of Fresno's hotels burned down?	Who was Iqbal a critic of?	Who is largely considered the first United Methodist theologian?	What is the name for O3 most often used?	Who found that there was a developed culture of Commissioner's who lacked responsibility?	How many yards was the missed field goal?	Where is the border of Swiss and Austria?	Besides the arguments with Rome and his own fellow reformers, what scandal  contributed to Luther's failing health?	What are chares?	Noble acquired a loan from what entity to keep ABC solvent in 1951?	Where will the 2009 International Arts Fair be held?	Who appoints the board of the European Central Bank?	What gorge is between the Bingen and Bonn?	What enables the Scottish Parliament to scrutinize the government?	What happened as a result of the Russo-Japanese War?	Who was the leader of Russia in the 1960's?	What tax rate has a direct relationship with income inequality?	What insight of Galileo was associated with constant velocity?	At what wavelength do the spectrophotometric bands peak?	What are the most active parts of ctenophora?	Policies which try to control unemployment support economic growth because they reduce what?	Where was the V&A transferred to from its original location at Marlborough House?	How has civil disobedience evolved in current times?	What document formed the Parliament of Victoria?	How many paintings did John Sheeshanks give to the museum?	What did higher material living standards lead to for most of human history?	What do we call the empire that Genghis Khan founded?	Because of certain statements what was the believed state of his religious views?	What satellite enabled Sky Digital to launch an all new digital service?	Who scored the Panthers first touchdown? 	Crew members were required to wear what type of space suit during testing after the incident?	What was the containment failure rate in a tobacco plant study using plastid transformation?	What institution has helped farmers grow new pigeon pea varieties?	Who donated Rodin's works to the V&A?	What do some sources say Nikola's brother died from?	What was Peyton Manning's passer rating for the season?	What color was used to create the 50-yard line in Levi's Stadium for the season leading up to the Super Bowl 50 game?	What group started peace meetings?	When did the earliest examples of civil disobedience as a whole occur?	What was used by the West to justify control over eastern territories?	Who was the famous Huguenot theologian and writer in London?	Did the European Court of Justice rule the defendant in the case of Commission v. Edith Cresson broke any laws?	Which car shows the DOT's revision of categories?	What comedy block debuted in 1989 for ABC?	Why did OPEC raise the price of oil to $5.11?	What is the name of the post-independence government school system in Malaysia?	What does the Ruhr provide to it's community?	Where did Maududi exert the most impact?	What is the second aspect of teacher enthusiasm?	Where was the measurment for the standard gravity on Earth taken?	What types of scientists looks for signs of magnetic reversals in igneous rocks within the drill cores?	How many campuses does the California State University have?	Which border does the megaregion extend over?	What was later discovered written by Luther?	What festival takes place in April in Newcastle?	When did ABC premier the Flintstones?	Who came up with the concept that falling objects fell at the same speed regardless of weight?	What area of Brookhaven is still known for its high levels of crime?	What does NADPH store?	The Sand Bernardino - Riverside area maintains what kind of district?	ableine was retired and the new platform is called 	What type of rock is found at the Grand Canyon?	What country was Abhisit Vejjajiva prime minister of, despite having been born in Newcastle?	The RIBA's drawing collection of what Italian architect is considered the largest in the world?	What type of reaction is present in the emergency oxygen generator of an airplane?	What is the name of another compelling continuation of the Fermat primality test?	What was Luther's major work of 60,000 words on the Jews?	What was the price of oil in March of 1974?	Who said that writing a good description of civil disobedience is hard?	What can the growth elasticity of poverty depend on?	Which cathedral is located in Fenham?	How many interceptions did Aqib Talib have for the regular season?	The procedure continues until what?	What did NASA record over the older archived tapes?	What do the top 400 richest Americans have more of than half of all Americans combined?	What university donated the land for the Manned Spacecraft Center?	Under which policy are labor unions encouraged?	The Bruins belong to which college?	What consist of one ore more Annual Conferences?	What is the current status of the Haensch study?	Who asserted Russia's right to "self-determination?"	When did Warsaw become the center of the Congress Poland?	What Irish cities had Huguenot mayors in the 1600s and 1700s?	What did Mongolian President Tsakhiagian Elbegdorj note was significantly punished by Genghis Khan's laws?	What device was one of the first to aid a controversy?	What are the three construction subsectors?	What is a type of disobedience against the federal government?	How did the Mongols acquire Chinese printing technology?	What ABC division handles domestic television distribution?	What cancels our guilt and empowers us to resist the power of sin and to fully love God and neighbor?	What is the name of the fund that focuses on youth, community and sustainable environments?	Why is giving a defiant speech sometimes more harmful for the individual?	What jersey did the Broncos wear for Super Bowl 50?	What kind of cpDNA does maize have?	What garden was formally only for royalty?	In the layered model of the Earth, the mantle has two layers below it. What are they? 	What project put the first Americans into space?	How old was Tesla when he died?	What organization is John Schmitt and Ben Zipperer members of?	Why did the exiled Polish government in London order the underground Home Army to seize control of Warsaw prior to the arrival of the Red Army?	When did Luther save the group of nuns from the convent?	Barro found there is little relation between income inequality and rates of what?	Where did Charles de Gaulle and the Free French run operations during World War 2?	What did Tesla work on in 1888?	What danger did the IPCC understate?	Who is Antigone's father in the play?	What countries use a red stylized A to signify pharmacy?	What legitimate dynasty came before the Yuan?	When did he make the quoted remarks about Super Bowl 50?	What was it called when Tesla lit a wireless gas-discharge lamp using a high-frequency, high-voltage alternating current?	What country is this teaching subject discussing?	What color was featured in promotions related to Super Bowl 50?	How many years has Thomas Davis played in the NFL?	What spacecraft was tested in two vacuum chambers to simulate atmospheric pressure?	What organization did Harvard found in 1900?	How much of the global wealth will the wealthiest 1 percent own by 2016?	Where is the only Jewish synagogue located?	When did the second series of Torchwood play?	Cypiddids are not what?	Which timeline is further expanded in the fourth scale?	What theologian differed in views about the soul from Luther?	In what way do idea strings transmit tesion forces?	What are the main sources of primary law?	What does increasing inequality harm?	What did Mitsubishi rename its Forte to?	What bridge had a model of it at the Super Bowl Opening Night?	Who lead the 1968 special programming for ABC Radio's FM stations?	Who performed a benefit concert for the charity Children in Need?	What was he studying that gave him the teleforce weapon idea?	Who was Richard's fiancee?	Which awards show has its rights rotated among the four major networks on a yearly basis?	Whose former headquarters was the WSE located in until 2000?	What has a classification system for construction companies?	What did the non-Afghan veterans returning home have in addition to their prestige?	Who organized the trees of the Amazon into four categories?	Political advantage is an attribute of which state policies?	Who did Tesla think would run the world of the future?	Where was the Kievian force that confronted Subutai's army defeated in 1223?	How long does it take to know the outcome of a division?	What might starch grains be a side effect of?	Where are some of the best medical facilities in East-Central Europe located?	How do structural geologists observe the fabric within the rocks?	Who were the Semuren?	What is the highest peak in Victoria?	What hymn did Luther write after the martyrdom of Esch and Voes?	The complexity of problems often depends on what?	What is the universal band that digital recievers will receive free to air channels on?	What is the hymn known as in English?	Why was the student group called "the Methodists?"	What exists between fundamentalist Islamism and reformist Islamism?	What type of assistance to out of town students is the Muslim Brotherhood known for?	Which court argued that the Treaty of Rome did not prevent energy nationalism?	When could a teacher act in the role of a parent?	Where is the chloroplast peripheral reticulum usually found?	Where does the Newcastle Student Radio station broadcast from during terms?	How many academic majors does the university grant in total?	Where might committees meet outside of Parliament?	When was the mass high school education movement?	In what year did Tesla die? 	What was the English title of Polo's book?	What does the electrolysis of water produce?	Colonies were a sign of what amongst European countries?	What is the United States at risk for because of the recession of 2008?	What do critics think the cause of problems with modern schooling is?	Why were the initial suggestions for a devolved parliament before 1914 shelved?	Where was Dyrrachium located?	If a detention requires a pupil to just sit there, how are they required to sit?	Stratigraphers try to locate areas for what types of extraction? 	What did Luther feel he made of Christ?	What is the oldest surviving European tapestry in the V&A collection?	What is the Yuan dynasty's official name?	 J. A. Hobson wanted which races to develop the world?	How much did Tesla weigh?	What did Tesla tell Brisbane he didn't believe in?	Leonard Goldenson announced a merger proposal with what company in December 1965?	What are the independant components of a vector sum that has been determined by scalar addition of individual vectors?	What consortium was BSkyB excluded from?	What does Newcastle have a proud history of?	Name one of the causes of immunodeficiency.	What was the title of Philo's work?	What characteristic did Tesla say helped his scientific abilities?	What nationality is Hoesung Lee?	What band headlined half-time during Super Bowl 50?	What measure of a computational problem broadly defines the inherent difficulty of the solution?	Where can you see greyhound racing in Newcastle?	What Panther defender was called for holding on third down?	Who wrote the eulogy?	Who was the male singer who performed as a special guest during Super Bowl 50?	What is the nickname for ABC's logo from the 2000 campaign?	What kind of university is the California Institute of Technology?	Other than a peace-ray, what did reporters call the weapon?	Why did Saudi Arabia try to increase production, and reduce profits for high cost producers?	When extensive time is required to sort integers, this represents what case complexity?	How many seconds were left in the game when the Broncos intercepted the pass that won the game?	What kind of coronation happened?	Which network began airing the TGIF comedy Family Matters for the 1997-98 season?	What river originally bounded the Duchy	What was the UK governments benefits agenchy checking in 2012?	What did Lepidodinium viride lose?	To what may general global fields be transferred to or from?	What has given the American economy a tendency to go "from bubble to bubble"?	Who wrote the poem The Mark of Anarchy?	Which hall was used as Parliament's principle committee room?	What did Luther call the revolting peasants?	What was a non-religious reason for the massacre?	What was Galileo Ferraris?	What was one example of a non-French painting was included in the Jones bequest of 1882?	Which two importers claimed that under a French competition law, they were prevented from selling Picon beer under wholesale price?	What player first won the Heisman Trophy for the university?	What Doctor Who story from 1970 is available on Blu-ray?	What kind of forest is the Amazon rainforest?	Other theories of the word's origin can be generally classed as what?	What entity deals with EU staff issues?	What does the IPCC not do?	What kicker was successful on a 33-yard field goal?	How many cathedrals does Newcastle have?	What is the density of all primes compatible with a modulo 9?	Who was the final Prime Minister of East Germany?	What is the name of the largest indoor shopping centre in Europe?	What did the Warsaw Confederation formally establish in 1573?	What year did Genghis Khan die?	When is the last time a fumble return touchdown happened in a Super Bowl?	Who was it essential to Islam to imitate?	How many plant species make up the total in the rainforest?	How many awards has Doctor Who been nominated for, over the years?	When was Kenya Electricity Generating Company established?	Who claims that public companies can also be part of civil disobedience?	Who ordered the Stern Review?	What is one of the reason that US production has been held responsible for recessions and lower economic growth?	When was Doctor Who viewing at its highest level?	What day was the game played on?	What was the first international event broadcast by ABC?	Whose needs will the growth in pharmacy informatics meet?	When did the FCC freeze incoming applications for new stations?	What will be the importance of the pharmacist in coming decades?	Who designed the garden for the University Library?	What type of prime distribution does the Riemann hypothesis propose is also true for short intervals near X?	Who did play-by-play on Westwood One?	When did the colonization of India occur?	How many seasons did the BBC produce Doctor Who?	At this time where was Luther's focus centered?	What was the estimated population of Pons Aelius around the 2nd century?	One strategy of Islamization is to seize power by what methods?	What are the skin cells that can be transformed into tumors known as?	Why was old oil withdrawn from the market?	What is the name of the bridge that joins parts of the campus of the Charles River?	What is used to decide a teacher's salary?	When do bathyctena chuni, euplokamis stationis and eurhamphaea vexilligera  excrete secretions?	What series featured Doctors from the revised version of Doctor Who?	What term corresponds to the maximum measurement of time across all functions of n? 	What kind of marriage was this ?	What do scholars sometimes assert that Luther believed about what faith and reason were to each other?	Who is subject to vetting?	Who presented the mac to the Scottish Parliament when it was initially opened?	What is the name of the TV scrambling system BSkyB uses?	Why was Tanaghrisson supporting British efforts?	Long-lived memory cells can remember previous encounters with what?	What was the significance of British win?	Where were the ashes sent?	How long until the Provisional Registration is upgraded, if requirements are met?	How many Muslims are in Greater London?	When was Warsaw's first stock exchange established?	How often do Parliament elections take place?	What is the name of the trophy given to anyone who plays on the winning team in a Super Bowl?	What program for ABC was a remake of the film The Boy from Oklahoma?	When did Levi's Stadium open?	What organization did Iqbal join in London?	What is the minimum amount of time before a bill can go into law?	What notable private school has an endowment of several hundred million dollars?	How many plays was Denver kept out of the end zone after getting the ball from Newton?	What is the name of world renowned cellist is a former Harvard student?	Who controlled Sicily before the Normans?	Who recovered the fumble and ran the ball in for a touchdown?	What cell type is also used for immune response in most types of invertebrate life?	What cycle starts with rubisco?	British commentators include, Darren Fletcher, Rocky Boiman and who else?	Who thought the world could be split into climatic zones?	How many Huguenots emigrated to North America as colonists?	Who else did Tesla make the acquaintance of in 1886?	About how many cubic meters of make-up water is used by a 700-megawatt coal-fired power plant for evaporative cooling hourly?	Which British sculptor whose work include the Queen Victoria memorial in front of Buckingham Palace is included in the V&A collection?	What is a stromule?	What is a connection identifier 	How many miles east of Berlin is Warsaw?	What technique was used to decorate the east side of the building?	Cytokine TBF-B suppresses the activity of what cell types?	Who discovered this and where did they come from?	What did Graham Twigg publish in 1984?	What is St. John's Cathedral an example of, stylistically?	In 1972, did Norway end up joining the European Union?	What shape are Plastoglobuli?	When was the Old Truman Brewery founded?	What was the Anglo-Norman language's final form?	What did al-Gama'a al-Islamiyya use to get its way?	Who did ABC sell the rights to All My Children and One Life to Live to?	Who is the final judge of right and wrong?	In what year did Harvard and Radcliffe admissions merge?	What index is an indicator of the effects of taxes applied to social spending?	What has caused Oxfam's findings to be questioned?	Where were non-condensing direct-drive locomotives notably used for fast passenger trains?	When did Western forces invade Iraq?	How much did the population of Victoria increase in ten years after the discovery of gold?	What popular phrase is associated with the Doctor Who series?	Where does two thirds of the Rhine flow outside of Germany?	What conditions must be met to prescribe a controlled substance?	How was it determined how many from each camp would be appointed?	What occurs when traveling across a surface at a constant velocity with regard to friction?	How much money did Dillon, Read & Co offer Mark Woods for NBC Blue?	Where did the black death originate?	What type of math was advanced during the Yuan?	What was the first picture released by ABC Pictures?	What does 'plastid' mean?	To what century did the idea of ether belong?	What did Mongols worship?	How many G3P molecules leave the cycle?	What is the name of the current refurbishment the system is undergoing?	What is one of the most dangerous occupations in the world?	What British TV network will carry the Super Bowl?	What words to they think are linked to the work Kenya?	Who among the population of Bukhara became part of the Mongolian army?	What medical appliance can be a concern for oxygen toxicity?	Was the school officially associated with any denomination?	Who published the State of the Planet 2008-2009 report?	What group has no feeding appendages?	What is the world's busiest general aviation airport?	What chloroplast lineage is Cyanophora in?	In what year did Fresno become an incorporated city?	How much money was Francovich allowed to claim from the Italian goverment in damages?	What does Piketty feel was the biggest factors in reducing inequality between 1914 to 1945?	What was the main radio network in the 1940s in America?	What caused the separation of the Methodists in the American colonies?	What made emigration to these colonies attractive?	In addition to endowments and tuition, how do boarding schools cover their operating costs?	What would type of studying would require a teacher to take on a supervisor role?	What increases student's motivation to learn?	Complexity theory seeks to define the relationship between the scale of algorithms with respect to what other variable?	In U.S. states, what happens to the life expectancy in less economically equal ones?	Most of the museum's collection had been returned by which year?	Who included 1 as the first prime number in the mid 18th century?	How does Victoria rank as to population density?	How many affiliated stations does ABC currently have?	In which year did John Sheepshanks donated a large collection of paintings?	When did Mongke Khan become Great Khan?	What did Robert Koch prove was the cause of infectious disease?	Where does HAMAS want to establish an Islamic state?	In what year was the Joe and Rika Mansueto Library constructed?	What was the main idea of James Hutton's paper?	Who mapped the Alta Vista Tract?	Who had the most receptions out of all players for the year?	Where did one of Triton's daughters decide she wanted to hang out and stay?	What organization argued that drought, among other effects, could cause the Amazon forest to reach a "tipping point?"	What is another term for x-ray imaging?	What did the Mongol elites wish Buyantu didn't do?	In which case was it held that the provisions of the treaties are directly effective if they are clear, unconditional, and don't require further action by EU or national authorities?	What were the two main theories of immunity at the end of the 19th century?	At what rate is Orange County developing its business centers?	What was constructed between 1978 and 1982 to link the Henry Cole wing to the rest of the museum?	Who contributes to Members Business in addition to the proposer?	What event took away his ability of speech?	When was Tesla's innovative motor patented? 	What is a popular strolling destination for the Varsovians?	In what century did Mayow and Boyle perform their experiments?	What is God's expression of eternal will, according to Luther?	Where are these dams located?	Who decides how land or property is allowed to be used?	What is the largest co-ed independent school in Newcastle?	Which architect, famous for the India Gate in New Delhi, is represented in the RIBA collection?	Natural killer cells recognize cells that should be targeted by a condition known as what?	Who claimed that the name Black Death first appeared in 1631?	Who did internet2 partner with	How many times did southern California attempt to achieve a separate statehood?	What can students that complete high school have opportunites to do?	Who was yersinia pestis named for?	Which area is responsible for the long-term preservation of the V&A collections?	Who did the peasants think Luther would support an attack on?	What type of fossils were found in China?	What position did Newton play during Super Bowl 50?	What did lane and vail finance?	When was a zoological garden established in the Praga Park?	What translation of Luther's is still used today?	How many hours can one expect to ride the train from Newcastle to King's Cross?	Which part of the museum received the first major post-war work?	What did Joseph Haas say in his email?	What type of train would some of the proposed new routes require?	What had Luther's community done to Jews years earlier?	By decreasing resistance to blood flow in the lungs, what organ's workload  can be eased?	What app did viewers use to watch the game on their smartphones? 	What was Tesla's father afraid would happen to him in school?	What did Luther gradually see as hopeless in the Reformation?	What is the exact date of the V&A's official opening?	What one word did the NFL commissioner use to describe what Super Bowl 50 was intended to be?	In what decade did the Rankine cycle create 90% of electric power?	What aspect of the economy did Genghis Khan exploit for intelligence gathering?	The design team is most commonly employed by who?	What does Colonia Agrippina's original name translate into?	What was originally on the spacesuits prior to the clear "fishbowl" helmet?	Who is credited with finding evidence of large settlements in the Amazon forest?	How much of Poland's national income does Warsaw produce?	What did Tesla's investors do to him?	What was huihui?	Where did the Tran dynasty rule?	What is the mlolongo system?	Who received the first steam engine patent?	What team lost Super Bowl XXXIII?	Of what hollywood film company was UPT a subsidiary of when it merged with ABC?	The Rhine redistributes into the Ijssel and what other body?	Aside from being located on the coast, what contributes to Jacksonville's lack of cold weather?	What film did Lionsgate pay to have the trailer aired during the Super Bowl?	What amount of bird species on earth are found in the Amazon rainforest?	When was the Disney and ABC merger first announced?	What kinds of pigments do rhodoplasts have?	What was the name of the Florida Huguenot colony?	How much money was to go to DuMont Television Network under Goldenson's merger plan?	What usually takes reenergized electrons?	Teacher's colleges certify, govern and enforce what for teachers?	Who founded Woodward Park?	When is Sky going to introduce UHD broadcasts?	Jenggis is the adjectival form of what word?	Where do most teachers get their credentials from?	Which material is the Becket Casket made from?	Who was the main performer at this year's halftime show?	When did ESPN take over responsibility for ABC's sports division?	What point did the theologians differ on concerning the Last Supper?	The academic body of the university is made up of how many professional schools?	Where can a tribute to the fall of Warsaw be found?	What was the ideal duty of a Newcomen engine?	Which fullback fumbled the ball after a Darian Stewart tackle?	What is the average age of people who live in Newcastle?	What is the title of Edwards book about Luther?	What was the definition of professionals, for this study?	What position does Von Miller play for the Denver Broncos?	Which country is the most dependent on Arab oil?	Which British sculptor and a leading member of the New Sculpture movement is represented in the the V&A collection?	Which monarchs was the Victoria and Albert Museum named after?	When did Subutai's army return to Mongolia?	Who operated the vBSN network 	What performer lead the Super Bowl XLVIII halftime show?	What types of engines are steam engines?	What happens to the packet at the destination	Warsaw Summer Jazz Days is one of the many what hosted by Warsaw?	What is gravitational acceleration proportional to?	What do Beriods use as teeth?	What is the average width of the Rhine?	Who listed the Grainger Market architecture as grade 1 in 1954?	How many species of trees can be found in the Amazon rainforest?	What did Paul Rose say Luther added to German thought?	After the negotiations were done what did Luther experience?	How many quadrangles does the Main Quadrangles have?	What is the principle about relating spin and space variables?	Who masterminded many terror attacks?	What theorem states that the probability that a number n is prime is inversely proportional to its logarithm?	What would income differentials be if individual contributions were relevant to the social product?	A formal design team may be assembled to do what?	What Fields Medal winning Mathematician is a faculty member at Harvard?	What type of behavior in primes is it possible to determine?	Other than New York where did Tesla conduct experiments?	What has complicated definitions that prevent classification into a framework?	How many dairy cows are there in Australia?	Who did the North declare for during the English civil war?	What was the name of Theodore Roosevelt’s policy of imperialism?	What bacteria lives inside a protective capsule that serves to prevent cell lysis?	How many farms are there in Victoria?	Who wrote about the great pestilence in 1893?	How many television and radio channels could the new digital service carry?	What French City was New Rochelle named after?	How are the rates of social goods in countries with higher inequality?	What are three kinds of phagocytes?	What are private schools that charge no tuition called?	Who was the Tangut general who fought Genghis Khan at Deshun?	Informal imperialism is still dominant; however, less what?	Gamma delta T cells have a different version of what receptor?	What type of engines became popular for power generation after piston steam engines?	How many gold medals did Kenya win during the Beijing Olympics?	What kind of media can references to Tesla be found in	What educational study did Luther start to pursue and immediately  drop?	Which young general did Genghis Khan send to conquer Qara Khitai?	What market other than Harrogate, Cheltenham, Bath, inner London, Hastings and Brighton is overinflated?	How long has the Doctor Who Magazine been in circulation?	Which type of school has a closer teacher-child relationship?	How common of a type was corporal punishment in schools?	What did Luther promise to do as a concession?	Huguenots in Killeshandra and County Cavan expanded what agricultural industry?	Stephen Eilmann asks why show public civil disobedience instead what is a better idea?	What do carotenoids absorb?	Who challenges the notion of the Kuznets curve hypothesis?	According to game stats, which Super Bowl 50 quarterback had his worst year since his first season as a player in the NFL?	What delimits the delta of the Rhine in the west?	How many destinations are available worldwide from Newcastle's airport?	In what century did important classical music developments occur in Normandy?	Who has the power to initiate legislation within the European Union?	What geometric shape is used in equations to determine net force?	What year did the Carolina Panthers form?	As what did Robert Michael view Luther's violent language towards the Jews?	Where did scientists find their Y. pestis sample? 	What did Melanchthon call the marriage?	Where did the Jin emporer relocate his capital after Genghis Khan overran the norther part of his empire?	Was this footage compatible or incompatible with live broadcast TV formats?	Who ended the series in 1989?	To reduce the chances of combustion ___ is required for safely handeling pure O.	What additional membranes do secondary chloroplasts have?	What is the conventional method to measure the Rhine? 	Why did OPEC block oil deliveries to the United States?	Who won the Ekstraklasa Championship in 2000?	What, when combined with a large workload, can contribute to occupational stress?	What type of opportunities would be expected from these counties?	Jacksonville's popularity for films earned it what title?	In what year was the first commercial steam powered device invented?	When did the Jin dynasty end?	Along with drought, what is one other factor that is pushing the Amazon rainforest towards a tipping point?	Who was the President of ABC television in 1976?	What is the English translation of Het Scheur?	When the recovery between the widening gap between the richest citizens and rest of the nation slow?	What is a Cairns replication intermediate?	What is the name of a Time Lord that Doctor Who has fought?	What happened to the ground water in the Rhine during the Rhine straightening program?	What role did Luther play in other areas' churches?	What was the percentage of whit people in Fresno in 2010?	What instrument is used to examine steam engine performance?	Which NFL team represented the NFC at Super Bowl 50?	Who decided not to come visit the country in 2013?	Who normally instructs members how to vote?	Who pays Australian pharmacists for doing Home Medicines Reviews?	What was the focus of Luther's last sermon?	In 2007, what was the high end of the salary range?	What tribe fell apart after Temüjin defeated Toghrul?	What Universal trailer debuted during the Super Bowl?	When did Tesla claim to have built the weapon?	Who is the city supervisor of San Francisco?	Why would one want to give a speech?	Who were the two lay preachers that Wesley ordained as presbyters?	During what period did downtown Fresno thrive?	What name was given to the western half of the colony?	What celestial object eluded efforts to measure oxygen?	How are the votes weighted to ensure that smaller states aren't dominated by larger ones?	Statues of British artists adorn which part of the tower above the main entrance?	What governing body appoints commissioners and the board of European Central Bank?	What is sometimes more effective than civil disobedience at times?	At what university's facility did the Panthers practice?	Approximately how many drawings of the Italian architect Andrea Palladio is in the RIBA collection?	How did the black death make it to the Mediterranean and Europe?	What was Kublai's favorite sect of Tibetan Buddhism?	The abolition of the Ottoman Caliphate is believed to have ended what system?	Approximately how many works of art are included in the Far Eastern collections?	What are two of its subsystems?	At A-level, what percentage of British students attend fee-paying schools?	Which Newton turnover resulted in seven points for Denver?	Who acts as laborer, paymaster, and design team for a renovation project?	What is located on the site of The Weaving House currently?	Who might Temüjin have been named after?	What perk did religious leaders, teachers, and doctors get in the Mongol Empire?	What is one result of civil rebellion?	What suffered considerably for Warsaw when it had an Eastern Bloc economy?	How accurate did Guo make the reformed lunisolar calendar?	Where does the Rhine encounter it's tributary the Neckar? 	Who was Robert's son?	What was the name of the play performed in the 1970's?	Which IPCC author criticized the TAR?	When was the European Convention on Human Rights established?	The cities of Los Angeles and San Diego are a part of which state?	In which year did the V&A's Word and Image Department began a large scale digitization project?	When Sunday Night Football premiered, to which network did Monday Night Football move?	Which duty do some people believe civil disobedients have?	Who is the English translator of this hymn?	What do photosynthetic carotenoids do?	To which trading route did Genghis Khan bring a stable political climate?	What is the immune system?	What eventually happened to the Block I program after the incident?	What do some modern historians claim Genghis Khan sought to add his legal code at the end of his reign?	What is the result of the Calvin cycle?	From what mission and onward were the DSMs awarded?	What network assumed the rights to the Miss America Pageant in 2006?	Where did Tesla teach in Gospic?	Besides combustion, for what other action did Mayow show nitroaereus responsible?	The redesigned central garden opened in 2005 with what new moniker?	Who designed the Hereford Screen?	What long term agenda was the acts of plundering Muslim lands by the West?	In what year did the Tenth Doctor appear in the Sarah Jane series?	What is another name to describe the science of teaching?	How did Luther describe the University of Erfurt?	Why is using O2 instead of CO2 less efficient?	When did the three Advocate Generals argue that Directives should create rights and duties for all citizens?	Though trained as a lawyer, what profession did Maududi pursue instead?	What is considered an all graduate profession in Scotland?	Who was the original pilot for the first Apollo mission?	How are decisions made on behave of the EU made?	What did "The Holy Club's" teachings emphasize?	Which country besides the Cuba did the United states try to annex in 1898?	The UMC maintains that war is incompatible with what?	What types of medications do specialty pharmacies stock?	What is an example of a steam-powered automobile?	What culture did the Normans combine with in Ireland?	What did the museum acquire from the Royal College of Science?	How much less steam did the Corliss engine use compared to the Watt engine?	Which mountain range influenced the split of the regions?	Infrastructure is often called what?	Who gave Tesla's eulogy? 	What was the goal of the grand coalition?	On what river does Warsaw stand?	What was the year when Tesla went back to Smiljan?	What type of climate does Kenya have?	From whom did the Huguenots in South Carolina purchase land from?	What covered the new field at Levi's Stadium?	When did the BBC receive a favorable ruling on the trade mark claim?	When did Tesla give a demonstration of his remote control boat?	Who is the play-by-play announcer for the game?	Which Californio is located in the upper part?	What organization arranged to founding of school?	Who was Margaret's brother?	How did Mongol armies lure enemy groups out of their defensive positions?	Most of the Chinese works of art in the Far Eastern collections date from which two dynasties?	In 1984, the ABC arts channel ARTS was merged with what other channel?	In what states are pharmacist clinicians given prescriptive and diagnostic authority?	What church runs some private schools in Victoria?	How many Pro Bowlers were on the Panthers offense?	When did Tesla go to Tomingaj?	Who did the SNP obtain 16 seats from?	What did Virgin Media claim BSkyB did that resulted Virgin not carrying the channels anymore?	When did the rivalry between Westinghouse and Edison reach its peak?	Where did Apollo 1's crew conduct tests at Kennedy Space Center?	What type of numeral did the latest Super Bowl use to designate the game number?	What don't chloroplastidan chloroplasts have?	What is the name of matters outside the legislative ability of the Scottish Parliament?	Who might be responsible for student discipline?	How often do trains journey to King's Cross?	How many seconds were left in the game when the Patriots failed their 2-point conversion?	Is the Pope's confessor a Bishop?	What does wealth disparity make the economy more prone to?	What is Warsaw's economy characterized by?	What substance is used to make high quality liquid O2?	How many appearances have the Denver Broncos made in the Super Bowl?	What seldom mutates?	There are 34 cities in southern California that have a population exceeding what number?	What company was this the last Super Bowl they would let customers have an opportunity to get their own commercial ideas aired?	Who challenged the plague theory first?	What is the paper written by Richard Karp in 1972 that ushered in a new era of understanding between intractability and NP-complete problems?	Who is most likely to teach a child at home?	The earliest items in the jewelry collection come from which ancient civilization?	Who if the commissioner of the NFL?	Which leaders did the Islamic extremists attack?	How many bodies of water makes up Lake Constance?	Which Mongol conqueror was most celebrated by the Mughal emperors?	Why did the university eventually leave the conference?	What percentage of global assets does the richest 1% of people have?	How is Newport's airport connected to the city?	Jamboree Business Parks belongs to which business center?	What did DFDS cite as the reasons it terminated operations?	In what area did the 1996 television film premier?	Why did so many not approve of the bill?	How did other countries have copies of the show?	What is the profession of Jake Rosenfield?	What is a complex net of contracts and other legal obligations?	Where can a lot Tesla's writings be found?	What type of cascade results when complement proteins bind to microbes and activate their protease activity?	Who got a safe conduct pass for Luther to come and leave the event?	Developments in which scientists influenced the creation of pharmacology in medieval Islam?	In what calcium containing body part is oxygen a part?	What icons were reintroduced in series 2 of the revival show?	What organization predicted that the Amazon forest could survive only three years of drought?	Why did oil start getting priced in terms of gold?	What was named "The Tesla" in his honor?	What happened with the rate of flow in the Rhine with the straightening program?	What was redesigned to allow better maneuverability in the LRV?	What year did Doctor Who finally return to television?	The Yuan was the first time all of China was ruled by whom?	What did this help accomplish?	What house was the site of a weaving school in Canterbury?	It is now possible to convert old relative ages into what type of ages using isotopic dating?	What network showed a Doctor Who film?	Who did Mueller recruit to be a manager for NASA projects on a loaned situation?	Where in South Carolina did Huguenot nobility settle?	For what reason would someone avoid crimes while protesting?	Where does a canonball dropped from the crow's nest of a ship actually land?	Along with admission, exhaust and compression, what is an event in the engine cycle?	Which neighborhood lies west of the 41 freeway?	How tall was the tower's ultimate height?	How old most a person be to apply to be an MSP?	How many Nobel Laureates are among the school alumni?	How many professors does the Warsaw University of Technology employ?	Who led the Panthers in sacks?	What is sometimes used interchangeably with 'plastids'?	What planet did astrophysisist predict to explain the problems with Mercury?	What do the membership of the committees reflect?	What does the CPI scale measure?	What did this hymn presage?	What does child well-being in rich countries correlate most to?	Who designed the plaster work in the Art Library?	What river was there originally a bridge across in Roman times?	What did Luther think reason could not be used to test?	Where did the Rhine occupy during the Holocene?	What was the first Doctor Who show that TVOntario ran?	What department store is thought to be the first in the world?	Since January 2012, all ABC programming has been presented in what format?	What channel did ABC proposed to compete with cable news company CNN?	How many projects does the Centre currently realize a year?	What plant cells have chloroplasts in them?	What does the Scotland Act of 2012 extend?	What do red algal chloroplasts have that green chloroplasts don't?	What happened to the crew onboard during the plugs-out test?	Issues dealt with at Westminster are not ones who is able to deal with?	Who became the King of the Canary Islands?	What is the field of studying immunogenicity through bioinformatics known as?	Southern California is most famous for tourism and what notably named district?	Why did Tesla go to Karlovac?	Since Denver chose white, what colors did Carolina wear in Super Bowl 50?	What did Luther think of Purgatory?	When did O2 begin to acculturate in the atmosphere?	What symbol was employed until early in the 20th century?	Who would generally teach from a work like the Quran, Torah or Bible?	What author argues pitching the conscience versus the collective?	Newborns are vulnerable to infection because they have no previous exposure to what?	What did Luther's translation of the Bible promote in the German language?	Scottish or Irish describe the type of what people in Newcastle have?	What was the tribe of the woman Temüjin married when he was around 16 years old?	Who is seen as the ultimate climate change authority?	Who matters the most for economic growth?	What is the term given to algorithms that utilize random bits?	What were the Yuan armies too weak to stop?	Since he didn't believe that salvation was acquired through good deeds, how was it achieved?	How much British military was in North America at start of War?	What register did Chris Keates think that some teachers should not be placed on?	What is another name for a coal supply bin?	How many botanical gardens does Warsaw have?	Where did Luther go on 17 July 1505?	How many of the schools in Newcastle are independent? 	What was the proportion of Huguenots to Catholics at their peak?	Why has there been controversy in Kenyan athletics?	Who issued the Royal Proclamation of 1763?	What is a reason for the movement to legalize importing medicines from other countries?	What country initially received the largest number of Huguenot refugees?	When did these rebellions take place?	Besides the radicals who else did Luther have to deal with?	How many tonnes of tomatoes does Victoria produce?	Who scolded Luther about his rudeness?	What do the words Kirinyaga, Kirenyaa, and Kiinyaa mean?	What is the Dutch word for the Amazon rainforest?	Who developed the actinide concept?	The black plague ravaged Europe for three years followed by what country?	What kind of people attend the IPCC meetings?	What time framd does the Seven Years War cover?	What is QED short for?	What did they want the educational system to be?	What is the name of the stadium in Miami that was considered?	Thoreau argues that usually majority rules but their views collectively are sometimes?	Where did Tesla work in 1888?	What did Tesla patent in 1891?	One of the sites, Merceds-Benz Superdome, is located where?	What company paid for a Super Bowl 50 ad to show a trailer of X-Men: Apocalypse?	What is the scientific designation of oxygen? 	In what book did Betty Meggers describe the idea of the Amazon being sparsely populated?	What was used to accelerate the tungsten pellets?	Which organic compounds contain the greatest amount of oxygen by mass?	What was a Happy Days spinoff that debuted in the 1980s on ABC?	What was the goal of this Roman disobedience?	What proposed attacks did Shirley plan?	Where is the Science Village located?	Along with wear, what development makes it difficult to seal the rotors in an engine that lacks pistons?	How many chloroplasts per cell does algae have?	What was the Rhine considered to invaders in WWII?	Which Senator was a strong advocate for the Pico Act?	Where is Kenya place on the scale in 2012?	What German ruler invited Huguenot immigration?	What are public schools in Victoria?	What phenomenon has led to criticism?	In what year did the Amazon experience a drought that may have been more extreme than in 2005?	In what year was a program study done on the modules labeled as Block I and Block II?	Where did the Grand Canal start?	Who challenged Kublai Khan's right to succeed Mongke Khan?	The theatre collection starts from the time of which famous Elizabethan playwright?	What were Isaac's chains made out of?	How many soldiers did Genghis Khan send against Kuchlug and Qara Khitai?	How many miles south of Edinburgh is Newcastle?	Included in the V&A collection is dormer window dated 1523-35 from which European chateau?	What other invention of Tesla's did Westinghouse license?	What caused the spread of the Jacksonville fire in 1901?	Who wrote The Mutants?	After WW-II where did Russia apply its old Tsarist regimes?	What year was the Carolina Panthers franchise founded?	Who wrote of the Savery water pump in 1751's Philosophical Transactions?	In what year was HMS Dreadnought launched?	How many of the six total packages available to broadcasters was Setanta awarded?	Who is most likely to be doing formal teaching?	For many years, what was the Brotherhood described as?	Where is St Aloysius' College located?	When did ABC's New York flagship stations change their call signs?	What are we unsure of about how chloroplasts make methionine precursors?	When did Kublai ban the international Mongol slave trade?	What fueled Luther's  concept of Christ and His Salvation?	To whom has the Antwerp City Hall doors in the V&A collection been attributed?	Who did the Broncos beat in the divisional game?	During withdrawal from Fort William Henry, what did some Indian allies of French do?	What did the 18th century Huguenot group call themselves?	Who does BSkyB have an operating license from?	What enemy of Doctor Who is also a Time Lord?	During the Bronco's playoff games, who did not throw at all?	What kind of chloroplasts do diatoms have?	For what league does ABC broadcast games on Christmas day?	When did the Yuan people suffer a series of natural disasters?	The UMC stands in oppopsition to the creation of embroys for the sake of what?	How many of the episodes produced in the first six seasons are not in BBC's archives?	What company filed a complaint with the FCC in 1934 concerning problems establishing new stations?	When did the Arab oil producers lift the embargo?	What are the two primary constitutional sources of the European Union?	Richard Allen and Absalom Jones were licensed by what church?	Who was a big star that ABC was able to attract because of Magnetophon technology?	How many years had Thomas Davis played in the league when he broke his arm during the NFC Championship game?	Where did Tesla go upon leaving Gospic?	What were the "great Forces" mentioned in the article's title?	Which leading English tapestry workshop in the late 17th century and early 18th century is represented in the V&A collection?	When do treaties apply?	What is another name for the Tabula Rogeriana?	How many troops were defeated for British in BAttle of Carillon?	In which case were French vigilantes sabotaging shipments of Spanish Strawberries?	What do the former Midlothian County Buildings face?	When were the Wars of Religion fought?	What is polish for "mermaid"?	What is a statocyst?	Imperialism is responsible for the rapid spread of what?	How many protestants live in France today?	How many men would the LM take to the lunar surface and return to the CSM?	How long did it take Johnson to respond to Kennedy?	What was the proposed solution to Jacksonville's tax issues?	What was Tugh's Chinese-style name?	What is the total make up of fish species living in the Amazon?	When was Luther's 95 Theses translated into German?	What was the name of the first building built on campus grounds?	What titles are the President given?	What time do the MSPs normally decide on the motions and amendments from that day?	With what body must a pharmacy technician register?	Stretched rocks that pinch into lenses are known by what word? 	How can you protest against the government in an individual way?	Where are the specialized cells that eliminate cells that recognize self-antigens located?	When did the very first plugs-out test occur?	What industry has managed to survive major military spending cutbacks?	What injury did Thomas Davis suffer during the playoff games?	What year did Doctor Who first show on TV?	What radio network was RCA using to eliminate competition in 1940?	How many punts did Ted Ginn Jr. return?	What did the Kenyan business people hope for when meeting with the Chinese?	Fossils found that were believed to be ctenophores were how old?	Governon Robert Dinwiddie had an investment in what significan company?	When did the theater in Newcastle originally open?	How many homes did the Alta Vista Tract have five years after Billings & Meyering acquired it?	Cydippids combs are controlled by what?	Why did Tesla sever ties with his family?	In what geographical portion of Wales is Abercynon located?	When did Kenya gain independance?	What was the name of the 50th Anniversary show?	Besides Africa, where did Germany have imperial interests?	Who started rumors in 2008 that ABC would sell its ten owned-and-operated stations?	What is in Eldon Square?	What kind of territories are being destroyed by ecocide in the Amazon?	What is usual form of oxygen bound compounds?	The area where Jacksonville currently sits has been inhabited for how many years?	Why was the Dutch lawyer who moved to Belgium while advising a client in a social society case told he couldn't continue?	What voyager said that Mombasa was a great harbour and moored small crafts and great ships?	Disruptions in sleep can lead to increase in what chronic conditions?	What gave Priestley the claim to being the first discovered of oxygen?	The influence of India can be seen in which religious art objects from Thailand, Burma and Cambodia?	What sin were the leaders the extremists attacked guilty of?	Which Doctor Who show was the largest simulcast of a TV drama?	What did Germanic tribes establish with help from the Rhine?	What day of the week are general elections held?	How many bus companies provide service to the city of Newcastle?	What BBC radio station will carry the game in the United Kingdom?	What did Tesla claim his resonant frequencies could do in the World Today article?